---
layout:     post
title:      "I'm staying at my friends' place"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-06-19 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2




---



# I'm staying at my friend's place

> 换工作了要换房？找房子可不是一件容易的事儿！不如暂时住朋友家吧！



## 01.词汇练习

**共 7 个词汇**

| 词汇           | 翻译                      |
| -------------- | ------------------------- |
| heard          | v.听；听说（hear 过去式） |
| need           | intj.恭喜                 |
| take           | n.房子（公寓）            |
| move           | v.搬家，搬迁              |
| place          | n.住所                    |
| here's         | v.找到                    |
| take your time | n.压力                    |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Connor**: Hello and welcome to OpenLanguage. This is Connor.

**Johnny**: And this is Johnny.

**Connor**: Today, we have another A2 lesson for you. It's called "I'm staying at my friend's place."

**Johnny**: Yeah. So that's like when you go to your friend's place and you like there for a little bit. OK, so before we listen to the dialogue, let's listen to today's vocabulary`（n.词汇；词表；词汇量）`.

**Connor**: OK. Here we go.

**Connor**: heard

**Connor**: congratulations

**Connor**: apartment

**Connor**: move

**Connor**: place

**Connor**: finding

**Connor**: stress

**Johnny**: OK. This time, let's repeat after  Connor.

**Connor**: heard

**Johnny**: heard

**Connor**: congratulations

**Johnny**: congratulations

**Connor**: apartment

**Johnny**: apartment

**Connor**: move

**Johnny**: move

**Connor**: place

**Johnny**: place

**Connor**: finding

**Johnny**: finding

**Connor**: stress

**Johnny**: stress

**Connor**: OK, that's if for our vocabulary. Let's take a liten to a phone call between Jason and Sharon.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hello? `你好？`

**B**: Hi, Jason. This is Sharon. I heard you got a new job! Congratulations! `嗨，Jason。我是 Sharon。我听说你找到了一份新工作！恭喜你呀！`

**A**: Thanks! It's great, but it's so far from my apartment. `谢谢！新工作很棒，但就是离我住的公寓太远了。`

**B**: Are you going to move to a new place? `那你要搬到新的地方吗？`

**A**: Yes, but right now I'm staying at my friend's place near work. `是的，但目前我暂时住在朋友那儿，离工作地点很近。`

**B**: That's nice. Finding a new apartment is really hard. `那挺好的。找到一个新公寓确实很难`

**A**: Yes. It's so much strees! `是呀，压力特别大！`

**B**: I hope you find a good one! `希望你找到合适的！`



## 03.对话精讲

**Connor**: OK, we just heard that dialogue. Jason answers the phone. He says, "Hello?"

**Johnny**: "Hello?" And Sharon says, "Hi Jason. This is Sharon. I heard you got a new job. Congratulations!"

**Connor**: OK, so let's look at the short word here" I heard you. So what does "heard" mean here?

**Johnny**: Well, it's not like the world "listen." It means more to learn something new.

> heard `v.听，听说（hear 过去式）`

**Connor**: If someone tells me something, I can say, "I heard it." I heard it from you or I heard it from someone else.

**Johnny**: Yeah, so I can say, "Hey Connor, I heard that you are sick. Are you OK?"

**Connor**: I'm fine. Or here's another one. "I heard it's your brithday, Happy Birthday!"

**Johnny**: Yeah, thank you.

**Connor**: Or how about one more? If I study for a test, and I do really well on the test, I can say, "I passed the test!"

**Johnny**: "Oh, I heard. Good job!"

> congratulations `intj.恭喜`

**Connor**: Oh, you already knew. Someone told you. OK. All right. Let's look at this next big word: congratulations.

**Johnny**: Woo, yeah! This is a long one. So let's do the pronunciation `（n.发音；读法）` first. Congratulations  /kənˌgrætʃəˈleɪʃənz/.

**Connor**: Right. It's not /kənˌgrætuˈleɪʃənz/. It's /kənˌgrætʃəˈleɪʃənz/.

**Johnny**: And we use this word if someone does something good, we can say, "Hey, congratulations!"

**Connor**: Right. You got a new job; you did really well on the test; or if a team, like a basketball team or soccer team, wins the game, you can say, "congratulations!"

**Johnny**: And sometimes something good happens to us. So, for example, I can say, "I heard you're having a baby. Congratulations!"

**Connor**: Yeah, that's really good.

> apartment `n.房子（公寓）`

**Johnny**: And if someont says congratulations, you can say, "Thanks!" And that's what Jason says here. He says, "Thanks! It's great, but it's so far from apartment."

**Connor**: OK, apartment. This world is also a little bit hard to say. We say "apartment." We also say "apartment."

**Johnny**: Apartment.

> place `n.住所`

**Connor**: Yeah, it's a little bit diffcult, and an apartment is a place to live in. An apartment building.

**Johnny**: Yeah. So I live in an aparment. And it has a bedroom, a living room, a kitchen.

**Connor**: Usually, people rent `(vt.出租；租用；租借)` an apartment. It's not a house. A house is just one building, but an apartment building has many many apartments. But in this case, Jason is not happy about his new job, because it's so far from his apartment. Then Shaon asks, "Are you going to move to a new place?"

> move `v.搬家，搬迁`

**Johnny**: That's a good question. And let's look at the world "move." So if we move, we change our house or our apartment.

**Connor**: We move everything to a new house or a new apartment.

**Johnny**: Yeah. Or maybe you want to live closer to your parents or your family, so you can say, "I moved to a new aparment to be closer to my family."

**Connor**: Let's look at this world "place." In our last lesson, "place" just means an area `(n.区域，地区；面积；范围)`, building, you know, restaurant.

**Johnny**: But today we're talking about Jason's new apartment.

**Connor**: So in this lesson, please means "apartment," a place to live. For example, if my friend moves to a new apartment and I go  see it, I might say, "Oh, I like your new place! It's really big."

**Johnny**: Yeah. Or maybe I want to watch some soccer with Connor, so I can say, "Hey Connor! Let's go to your place. You have a big TV."

**Connor**: Actually, I don't have a big TV.

**Johnny**: All right. And then Jason answers Sharon's questions. He says, "Yes. But right now I'm staying at my friend's place near work."

**Connor**: Right. So Jason says these words "I am staying at." This is the present continuous and it is our grammar point for today, but we're going to talk about that a little later.

**Johnny**: OK. But if you move, you have to find a new place and that's what Sharon brings up next. She says, "That's nice. Finding a new apartment is really hard."

**Connor**: OK, so "finding." "Find" means look for. I don't see it, but I'm trying to find it. For example, if I don't see my phone, I might say, "I can't find my phone."

**Johnny**: Yeah. Or I can't find my aparment keys.

**Connor**: Oh. And then later, maybe you say, "Oh, there are here! I found them."

**Johnny**: Yeah, someone can find then for you too.

**Connor**: Here Sharon is talking about thing that are hard to find, finding a new aparment. And Jason agress. He says, "It's so much stress."

> stress `v.压力`

**Johnny**: That's right, finding a new apartment is a lot of stress. And stress means worry. So much worry that you can't relax.

**Connor**: Oh, like if I get a new job, I have so many things to learn. And, oh, I feel "Oh, stress." I have so many things I have to do.

**Johnny**: You can't relax. Maybe you can't sleep.

**Connor**: Oh, yes. Too much stress is bad for your health. It might make you stop sleeping.

**Johnny**: And we can also say "stressful." This is the adjective from of the word "stress."

**Connor**: Right, you can get stress or it can be stressful. Finding a new apartment is stressful.

**Johnny**: Looking after small kids is stressful.

**Connor**: Oh, that's true, that's true. For true! Well anyway, it is very stressful finding a new apartment. But Sharon says, "I hope you find a good one." And that is the end of our dialogue. That means it's time for grammar.

**Johnny**: OK. So Jason says, "I'm staying at my friend's place near work."

**Connor**: Does that mean he's at the friends's place right now?

**Johnny**: Maybe not then. It means these days, he's living there and he might not stay there for a long time.

**Connor**: Right. So this is a new way to use the present continuous tense: be  + verb-ing.

**Johnny**: And it's a great way to talk about a situation`(n.情况；形式；处境；位置)` right now. But maybe it's gonna changes soon.

**Connor**: It could even just be something that we do these days, like playing on a soccer team or a basketball team.

**Johnny**: So I can say, "I'm playing on a soccer team these days."

**Connor**: We can also use it to talk about our jobs. For example, I'm working at a coffee shop.

**Johnny**: That's a good example. So maybe you'll only work at the coffee shop for a few months. But you are working there right now.

**Connor**: That's right. And not just work, but also studying. Here's another example. My friend is studying at university. She want to be a teacher.

**Johnny**: OK, that's it for our grammar section. Let's take another listen to today's dialogue.

**Connor**: All right.





## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hello? `你好？`

**B**: Hi, Jason. This is Sharon. I heard you got a new job! Congratulations! `嗨，Jason。我是 Sharon。我听说你找到了一份新工作！恭喜你呀！`

**A**: Thanks! It's great, but it's so far from my apartment. `谢谢！新工作很棒，但就是离我住的公寓太远了。`

**B**: Are you going to move to a new place? `那你要搬到新的地方吗？`

**A**: Yes, but right now I'm staying at my friend's place near work. `是的，但目前我暂时住在朋友那儿，离工作地点很近。`

**B**: That's nice. Finding a new apartment is really hard. `那挺好的。找到一个新公寓确实很难`

**A**: Yes. It's so much strees! `是呀，压力特别大！`

**B**: I hope you find a good one! `希望你找到合适的！`

------

**Connor**: OK, we just heard that dialogue again. Johnny, have you moved to a new place recently?

**Johnny**: Not recently, but my place's a little small, so I need to find a new apartment.

**Connor**: Oh, I see, and do you get a lot of stress when you'are finding a new apartment?

**Johnny**:  Yes, of courese. That kind of stuff is alwasy stressful.

**Connor**: Well, we want to know from you guys. Let us know about your place, your apartment. Is it far from your work? What about moving? Does it make you stressed?

**Johnny**: Or maybe you got a new job, so congratulations!

**Connor**: Yes! So don't forget to leave a comment or ask a question and we'll talk to you next time. Bye now!

**Johnny**: Thanks for listening.

**Connor**: Bye!





































