---
layout:     post
title:      "will my bank card work in America?"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-16 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 海外支付




---



# Will my bank card work in America?

> 在国外该怎么支付？自己的银行卡能用吗？方便的微信和支付宝可不可以使用？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 7 个词汇**

| 词汇         | 音标             | 翻译         |
| ------------ | ---------------- | ------------ |
| bank cards   | /ˈbæŋk ˌkɑːrdz/  | n.银行卡     |
| work         | /wɝːk/           | v.可行       |
| I'm not sure | /aɪm nɑːt ʃʊr/   | phr.我不确定 |
| pay          | /peɪ/            | v.支付       |
| credit card  | /ˈkredɪt ˌkɑːrd/ | n.信用卡     |
| tourist      | /ˈtʊrɪst/        | n.游客       |
| cash         | /kæʃ/            | n.现金       |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身

**Connor**: Hey, guys. Welcome back to OpenLanguage. This is Connor.

**Adam**: And this is Adam.

**Connor**: And today we have an A2 leeson called: Will my bank card work in America?

**Adam**: You guys always tell us that you love travelling. That's great. That's really cool. And many of you have already traveled to America.

**Connor**: But before you travel to a different country, it's really important to ask this question: Will my bank card work there?

**Adam**: It's a great question. So in today's dialogue, we have two friends, Lily and John. John is going to America next week and he has some questions for Lily. Now let's listen to the dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: John, are you going to America next week? `John, 你下周要去美国吗？`

**B**: Yes, I am. Will my Chinese bank cards work there? `是的。我中国的银行卡可以在那里使用吗？`

**A**: I'm not sure about bank cards, but you can pay by credit card in most places. `我不确定银行卡可不可行，但是在大多数地方都可以用信用卡付款。`

**B**: Can I use WeChat or Alipay? `我可以使用微信或支付宝吗?`

**A**: I think you can pay with WeChat or Alipay in a lot of tourist areas. `我觉得你可以在许多旅游区使用微信或支付宝付款。`

**B**: Oh, wow, that's great! So I don't need to bring any cash? `哦，哇，太好了！那我不需要带现金是吗？`

**A**: Bring a little. Some small restaurants only take cash. `带一点。一些小餐馆只收现金。`



## 03.对话精讲

**Connor**: Okay, we're back. So at the start of the dialogue today, Lily asks John this question, "Are you going to America next week?"

**Adam**: And he says, "Yes, I am," but then asks, "Will Chinese bank cards work there?"

**Connor**: So this is really important. You should always ask this question when you travel to a new country.

> I'm not sure `phr.我不确定`

**Adam**: Yes, let's look at this phrase first, "I'm not sure." It really means "I don't know."

**Connor**: When you are sure about something, it means "I know." Maybe you know it because you learned it.

**Adam**: Do you know how many people are in China?

**Connor**: I'm not sure. But I'm sure there are many.

> bank cards `n.银行卡`

**Adam**: Right, right, right. Okay, next we see "bank card." Now, this phrase should be pretty easy to understand.

**Connor**: These are little plastic`adj.塑料的；造型的；可塑的` cards that you get from the bank.

**Adam**: Right, right, you can use them for shopping. You can use them, well.... really you can use them for shopping.

**Connor**: Yeah. They are also sometimes called debit cards.

**Adam**: Right. D-E-B-I-T. Debit cards.

> work `v.可行`

**Connor**: And a Chinese bank card will work anywhere in China, but it might work in America.

**Adam**: So here does "work" mean go to work or work at a company?

**Connor**: No, here "works" means you can use it.

**Adam**: Right, so if a debit card works, it means that you can use it to pay for things.

**Connor**: But if doesn't work, then I can't use it.

**Adam**: Oh, may be you have no money.

**Connor**: Yeah, and sometimes we say something is not working.

**Adam**: Right, it's the same idea, but a little bit different.

**Connor**: If your card doesn't work, it means you can't use it maybe because it's broken or you are in a different country.

**Adam**: Right, you just can't use it. You couldn't use it yesterday. You can't use it today, and you will not be able`adj.能；有能力的；能干的` to use it tomorrow.

**Connor**: But if we say my card isn't  working, it means "I have a new problem."

**Adam**: It's a new problem. So again, yesterday it probably worked, but today it's just not working. I can't use it.

**Connor**: Yeah, I don't know why.

**Adam**: So if my bank card is not working, I'm always very afraid. I have no money.

**Connor**: It's scary`adj.可怕的，恐怖的`. It's very scary.

**Adam**: Yes.

> credit card `n.信用卡`

**Connor**: Okay, so next Lily answers John's question. She says, "I'm not sure about bank cards, but you can pay by credit card in most places."

**Adam**: Okay, so we hear another kind of card.

**Connor**: This one is called a credit card. It looks like a debit card, it's the same size, but they are very different.

**Adam**: Yeah, when you use a bank card, you are using your money.

**Connor**: Yeah, but when you use a credit card, you are use the bank's money.

**Adam**: Yes, yes, it's not yours and you do have to give it back.

**Connor**: Yeah, yeah, you borrow the money from the bank, then later pay the bank.

> pay `v.支付`

**Adam**: Now a lot of you already know the word pay, Connor just said pay, but we've never really talked about phrases like "pay by."

**Connor**: Yeah, that's actually our grammar point for today. But we'll talk a little bit about that later, but for now, let's get back to the dialogue. John has a really good question.

**Adam**: Can I use WeChat or Alipay?

**Connor**: So you guys all know WeChat and Alipay. Every knows them.

**Adam**: Right, Lily says, "I think you can pay with WeChat or Alipay in a lot of tourist areas."

**Connor**: Oh, so we see pay again here, but it's not "pay by," she says "pay with."

**Adam**: Right, and like we said before, that is going to be our grammar point for today.

> tourist `n.游客`

**Connor**: So let's look at this other word, "tourist."

**Adam**: Tourist. Okay, so tourist is a person who travels for fun.

**Connor**: And that's the important part. If you go travel to another country because of your job, you are not a tourist.

**Adam**: Right. Now, a lot of people in cities and towns love tourists because they bring money.

**Connor**: Yeah, that's right! So a lot of cities will have tourist areas. In these places, prices are very hign. They are very expensive.

**Adam**: They are very expensive, and these places are usually very crowded`adj.拥挤的`, so sometimes the locals, the people who live in the city don't want to go there.

**Connor**: Yeah, exactly. Locals don't like busy places.

**Adam**: Right.

**Connor**: But John is a tourist, so he might want to go to those tourist places.

**Adam**: Yeah, and he thinks it's great that he can use WeChat and Alipay. That's great, but then he asks one more question.

> cash `n.现金`

**Connor**: Yeah, he asks, "So I don't need to bring any cash?"

**Adam**: Okay, so cash. Cash is king.

**Connor**: Yeah, paper money.

**Adam**: That's paper money, so the big question is, you guys all know that there is paper money, but there is also little metal money. That's in your pocket usually.

**Connor**: Yeah, those are called coins.

**Adam**: Right, so remember that paper money is cash and metal`n.金属` money is coins.

**Connor**: And Lily's answer is this. She says, "Bring a little. Some small restaurants only take cash."

**Adam**: That's right, and that brings us to the end of the dialogue. Now it's time for today's grammar point.

**Connor**: All right, in today's dialogue we saw two phrases: "pay with" and "pay by."

**Adam**: Okay, really, these things both mean the same thing.

**Connor**: That's right, yeah. It means you use this thing as a tool.

**Adam**: Right, so if you pay with a credit card, well, the credit card is the tool. It's not a tool like a hammer`n.铁锤`, but it's the thing that you are using to pay.

**Connor**: Yeah, yeah. How will you pay?

**Adam**: How will you pay?

**Connor**: With my credit car or by my credit card.

**Adam**: Right, but we can use "by" and "with" to talk about so many different things that we use. For example, Connor and I both need to go to work.

**Connor**: Yes. I go to work by subway.

**Adam**: Oh, I go to work by bus.

**Connor**: Oh, okay.

**Adam**: I don't like it, but I do.

**Connor**: Yes, so some people take the subway. Some people take the bus.

**Adam**: Right. Or if you are very rich, you can go to work by taxi.

**Connor**: Now, can we say with taxi or with subway?

**Adam**: No. It's always by. So with "pay," you can say "by" or "with," but with other words, it's not so easy.

**Connor**: Yeah. Pay by. Pay with. That's okay. But subway, no, we have to say by subway, by taxi.

**Adam**: Right. Now one last point here. You can say: pay with that.

**Connor**: Like I'll pay with that. I'll pay with this.

**Adam**: I'll pay with this. I'll pay with that. We don't really use "pay by that."

**Connor**: No, no, no. Just pay with.

**Adam**: Pay with that. Okay, that is the end of our grammar section for today. Make sure to check out the app for a few more examples. As for now, I think it's time we should listen to the dialogue one more time.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: John, are you going to America next week? `John, 你下周要去美国吗？`

**B**: Yes, I am. Will my Chinese bank cards work there? `是的。我中国的银行卡可以在那里使用吗？`

**A**: I'm not sure about bank cards, but you can pay by credit card in most places. `我不确定银行卡可不可行，但是在大多数地方都可以用信用卡付款。`

**B**: Can I use WeChat or Alipay? `我可以使用微信或支付宝吗?`

**A**: I think you can pay with WeChat or Alipay in a lot of tourist areas. `我觉得你可以在许多旅游区使用微信或支付宝付款。`

**B**: Oh, wow, that's great! So I don't need to bring any cash? `哦，哇，太好了！那我不需要带现金是吗？`

**A**: Bring a little. Some small restaurants only take cash. `带一点。一些小餐馆只收现金。`

------

**Adam**: Okay, we are back. Connor, does your bank card work in America?

**Connor**: Well, yes, mine does because it's Canadian.

**Adam**: Okay, well, I remember using my Chinese bank card to pay in Canada before, and I thought, wow, this is really cool. It wasn't even in a tourist area. It was just a normal restaurant.

**Connor**: That's really nice.

**Adam**: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And now we have WeChat and Alipay which I can also use everythere. I can pay with Alipay. I can pay by WeChat. I just wish I had more money.

**Connor**: Yes. So it's really nice now, if you are thinking about traveling to America, we would like to know about you guys. Are you planning a trip to America?

**Adam**: Or have you been there before? And very very importantly, did your bank card work there?

**Connor**: Yes, so leave a comment or ask a question and thank you so much for listening.

**Adam**: Okay, guys. We'll see you next time.

**Connor**: Bye.



## 05.课后讲义

### Supplementary vocabulary/补充词汇

| 词汇       | 音标           | 翻译         |
| ---------- | -------------- | ------------ |
| The States | /ðə steɪts/    | 美国         |
| often      | /ˈɑːfən/       | 经常         |
| what about | /wɑːt əˈbaʊt/  | 呢？怎么样？ |
| convenient | /kənˈvi:niənt/ | 方便的       |
| awesome    | /ˈɑːsəm/       | 很好的       |



### Expansion/例句

#### work /wɝːk/  v.可行

1. Does your phone work here? `你的手机在这能用吗？`
2. I don't know why computers never work. `我不知道为什么这些电脑从来不能用。`
3. Oh, it looks like the printer is working again. `哦，看来打印机又可以工作了。`



#### I'm not sure /aɪm nɑːt ʃʊr/  phr.我不确定

1. I'm not sure what time he is coming. `我不确定他什么时候来。`
2. He is not sure where he should go. `他不确定应该去哪里。`
3. I'm not sure which bus to take. `我不确定要坐哪辆公共汽车。`



#### tourist /ˈtʊrɪst/  n.游客

1. There are too many tourists in this city! `这个城市的游客太多了！`
2. She works at a restaurant in the tourist area. `她在旅游区的一家餐馆工作。`
3. I helped a group of tourists find the subway today. `我今天帮助一群游客找到了地铁。`



### Grammar/语法

#### by 和 with 的用法

今天的对话提到了这两句："pay with credit card(通过信用卡支付)"以及"pay by WeChat or Alipay（通过微信或者支付宝支付）"，"with"和"by"在本节课的对话中，都表示支付方式。



by/with 用作介词的时候，都表示方式，后面可以接表示工具或者交通方式的名词，意思是”用....“，但是用法有细微的区别。



by 可和 bus, train, plane, bike 等词连用，表示交通或通讯手段，如：

I go to work by bus.(相当于：I take the bus to go to work.)我乘公交去工作。

You can send it to me by emial.(相当于： You can use the email as a way to send it.)你可以通过邮箱发给我。

with 表示用什么工具，所用的东西都是具体的物品，比如：

I cut the apple with the knife. 我用小刀切苹果