---
layout:     post
title:      "Convenience store run"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-08 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 购物时尚




---



# Convenience store run

> 便利店已经成为日常生活的一部分，去便利店跑腿都要买些什么呢？便利店和杂货店又有什么不同？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 10 个词汇**

| 词汇              | 翻译                         |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------- |
| convenience store | n.便利店                     |
| out of            | phr.用完了                   |
| tissues           | n.纸巾                       |
| grab              | v.拿/买                      |
| pack              | n.包                         |
| I'm good          | phr.这样就可以了（我不需要） |
| yogurt            | n.酸奶                       |
| tea eggs          | n.茶叶蛋                     |
| snack             | n.零食                       |
| pay me back       | phr.还我钱                   |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Connor**: Hi guys, welcome back to open language. This is Connor.

**Adam**: And this is Adam.

**Connor**: And today we have a nice elementary`adj.基本的；初级的；` lesson for you, called convenience store run.

**Adam**: That's right. Convenience stores are very very useful, they're very convenient`adj.方便点；适当的；近便的；实用的`.

**Connor**: They're convenient.

**Adam**: Yeah. They are very convenient. But we're not talking about run as in "go for a run" today.

**Connor**: No, no, that's right. This is just when you go to the convenience store.

**Adam**: Right, exactly`adv.恰好地；正是；精确地；正确地`. And it can be quickly`adv.迅速地；很快地`. Ah, as we will talk about later, but for now why don't we go ahead and listen to Cody and Jessica and find out what they are going to buy at the convenience store?

**Connor**: Alright!



### 核心对话

**A**: Hey Jessica, I'm going on a convenience store run. Do you need anything? `嘿 Jessica,我要去一趟便利店。需要帮你带点什么吗？`

**B**: I'm almost out of tissues. Could you grab me a pack? `我的纸巾快用完了。能帮我带一包吗？`

**A**: Sure, no problem. You want a drink of something? `当然啦，没问题。你还要点饮料之类的吗？`

**B**: Um, I think I'm good. But could you get me some yogurt? `不用了。不过你能帮我带点酸奶吗？`

**A**: Okay. I'm going to get a few tea eggs too. Want one? `好啊。我还要买点茶叶蛋，你要吗？`

**B**: Yes! They are the perfect afternoon snack. Oh shoot, I left my wallet at home. `好呀！它们做下午茶零食很棒。糟了，我把钱包忘家里了。`

**A**: No problem. You can pay me back later! `没事儿，可以之后再还我。`



## 03.对话精讲

> convenience store `n.便利店`

**Connor**: Alright, so it looks like Cody is going on a convenience store run. So what is this exactly?

**Adam**: Well, like I said in the intro`n.介绍；简介`, run can men lots of things.

**Connor**: Oh yeah.

**Adam**: It doesn't just mean walk or move quickly.

**Connor**: Yeah. But run here is more like a short trip.

**Adam**: Yeah, especially`adv.特别；尤其；格外` to buy something.

**Connor**: Yeah, yeah. Something simple, something small.

**Adam**: Yeah. So if I don't have any milk at home, I might say, "Oh, I need to go on a milk run."

**Connor**: Yeah, to go get some milk, some of the basic things.

**Adam**: Right. And it could be anything, right? When we were in Asia`n.亚洲`, I was in China, Connor was in Korea`n.韩国；朝鲜`. We needed visas`n.签证（visa 的复数）`.

**Connor**: Oh, yeah yeah yeah.

**Adam**: So sometimes we'd have to go on a visa run.

**Connor**: Right. And that meant going to an another country.

**Adam**: So it was maybe not as easy as going to buy milk or eggs or just going to the convenience store, but it was still a quick`adj.快的；迅速的，敏捷的；灵敏的` trip`n.旅行`.

**Connor**: Yeah. And the reason we use this a lot is because convenience stores, oh, they have many basic things that we need, like milk and eggs.

**Adam**: Exactly, exactly! They're usually a little bit more expensive`adj.昂贵的，花钱的` as you guys all konw. But of course, they are very very convenient`adj.方便的；适当的；近便的；实用的`.

**Connor**: Yeah. And so why is Cody going on a convenience store run?

**Adam**: Well, we don't really know. I mean he wants to buy something, but often times when we go on these runs, we also go for other people.

**Connor**: Oh, yeah yeah. That's right.

**Adam**: So Cody and Jessica they are probably at work together, and Cody is just a nice guy, so he's saying, "Jessica, do you need anything?"

> tissues `n.纸巾`

**Connor**: Yes. And she does, she needs tissues.

>  out of `phr.用完了`

**Adam**: That's right. In fact, she is almost out of tissues.

**Connor**: Out of tissues. So not outside, the tissues are not outside. It means she almost used all the tissues.

**Adam**: Right, she maybe has one or two or three, soon there will be no tissues.

**Connor**: Yeah. And this is such a common phrase you can be almost out of something or out of something.

**Adam**: Right. Or all out, kind of stresses that a bit, I'm all out of tissues.

**Connor**: Yeah. Now tissue you use for wiping`v.擦干；使消失（wipe 的 ing 形式）` your face if you have a cold. But what's the difference between tissue and napkin`n.餐巾；餐巾纸；尿布`?

**Adam**: We use napkins at the dinner table.

**Connor**: Yeah. And they are not always paper, right?

**Adam**: Right. Tissues are always paper.

**Connor**: Yeah! And I mean if you go to a fancy`adj.想象的；奇特的；昂贵的；精选的` restaurant the napkins will be made of cloth`n.布；织物；桌布`.

**Adam**: Cloth? Yeah. Exactly.

> grab `v.拿/买`

**Connor**: Very nice. Right! So, Jessica asks Cody, "Could you grab me a pack?"

**Adam**: Okay. So I'm sure you guys know that we do not buy tissues one by one. We do not just buy one tissue, two tissues, three tissues... We need to buy a pack of them.

> pack `n.包`

**Connor**: Right!  A pack of tissues, probably like a hundred.

**Adam**: Hundred, yeah.

**Connor**: Maybe, yeah.

**Adam**: I don't really but tissues very often, so I'm not sure. Now, of course, a pack is usually either a box or just a small bag.

**Connor**: Yes, yeah. Like a pack of candy.

**Adam**: Pack of candy`n.糖果；冰糖`, a pack of gum`n.口香糖；树胶；橡皮`.

**Connor**: Pack of beer`n.啤酒`.

**Adam**: Pack of beer, six pack.

**Connor**: Yeah yeah yeah. That's a bigger one.

**Adam**: That's good. That's a nice pack.

**Connor**: Yeah!

**Adam**: Now, one thing that's really important about saying a pack of something or a bottle of something or a bowl of something, is that native speaker usually don't pronounce of.

**Connor**: Right. We just say, of.

**Adam**: Yeah. So a pack of tissues.

**Connor**: Yeah, yeah.

**Adam**: A pack of gum`n.口香糖；`.

**Connor**: I'm gonna go pick up a pack of beer.

**Adam**: Pack of beer. Connor loves picking up packs of beer.

**Connor**: Oh, yeah! I like to grab then, in fact.

**Adam**: He does grab them. He's very happy when he grabs it. So you guys probably know the grab means to take something with your hands, usually very quickly.

**Connor**: Yeah! But we're not stealing`v.偷窃；抄袭（steal 的 ing 形式） ` anything here, it means buy something and usually for small simple things.

**Adam**: Yes, exactly! So you know let's grab lunch, could be let's just go quickly have lunch together. Let's grab a coffee is another very very very common way to use this.

**Connor**: Yeah. And if I'm out of milk, I need to go grab some more milk.

**Adam**: Grab some more milk after work, grab some more milk before dinner.

**Connor**: Yeah.

>  drink `n.饮料`
>

**Adam**: Exactly, now, milk is of course a drink.

**Connor**: Hmm, yeah. That's right. So it is not only a verb like to drink something. It can be a noun. And that's what Cody says here, "you want a drink of something?"

**Adam**: Right, exactly! And don't forget what we just said about pack of, or bottle of, we could also say a drink of something.

**Connor**: A drink of something.

**Adam**: You want a drink of something?

**Connor**: Yeah, yeah. So does Jessica want a drink of something?

**Adam**: She says she's good.

**Connor**: She's good.

**Adam**: She's good but...

**Connor**: She a good person?

**Adam**: She a good person? Yeah, exactly. Cody did not ask her if she is good or not.

**Connor**: Right, yeah! This expression`n.语句，词句` just means I'm okay.

**Adam**: Yeah! And in fact, we usually use it to mean I don't need that thing.

**Connor**: Yes! That I don't need that, yeah, like Adam, do you want to go play backetball after.

> I'm good `phr.这样就可以了（我不需要）`

**Adam**: Oh, I'm good.

**Connor**: You don't like basketball?

**Adam**: I'm just really bad at basketball. Yeah, I mean usually we use this for food or drinks like you know, do you want another beer? Well, if I ask Connor if he wants another beer he will never say I'm good.

**Connor**: I'll say grab me another pack.

**Adam**: Yeah he'll grab me a pack of beer. But maybe if I said, "Oh! Connor, do you want a glass of wine?"

**Connor**: I'll say I'm good.

**Adam**: I'm good. I'm good, thanks.

> yogurt `n.酸奶`

**Connor**: So she doesn't need any drinks, but she does ask for some yogurt.

**Adam**: Yogurt, ok! So this is really funny for us, because yogurt, of course, you can buy in convenience stores all around the world. It's made from milk. It's a little bit sour`adj.酸的；发酵的`.

**Connor**: Yes, it's usually white, but it could be a diffenent color.

**Adam**: Yeah, usually they add some fruit.

**Connor**: Some fruit, yeah.

**Adam**: Or some other fun things in there. But usually when we think about yogurt here, we don't think about drinking it.

**Connor**: Right! Because it's very thick`adj.厚的，浓的，粗大的`.

**Adam**: Yeah, yogurt here is a lot thicker`n.稠化剂，增稠剂` than yogurt in China.

**Connor**: We usually put it on cereal`n.谷物，谷类` or granola`n.麦卷` those kinds of things or with fruit.

**Adam**: Yeah! It's really healthy of course, but again we eat yogurt.

**Connor**: Yeah yeah!

**Adam**: Just like another thing that I find funny is soup. We never say drink soup.

**Connor**: Right, we eat soup.

**Adam**: Even though it looks like a drink, yeah, it could be a drink. It's just not what we say.

**Connor**: Yeah, alright! And another thing that we don't drink is eggs.

**Adam**: Oh, yeah. I don't drink eggs, that's really strange`adj.奇怪的；陌生的；外行的`.

> tea eggs `n.茶叶蛋`

**Connor**: Right. So Cody is going to get a few tea eggs.

**Adam**: Okay.

**Connor**: Now, a tea egg, it's brown`adj.棕色的，褐色的；太阳晒黑的`, it's really tasty`adj.美味的；高雅的；有趣的`.

**Adam**: Well, you guys all know what they are, they're very delicious. If you go to the convenience store, they are usually right beside`prep.在旁边；与...相比；和...无关` the cashier`n.出纳员；司库；收银员` in some kind of bowl or container. Oh, they're so good!

**Connor**: Yeah, they're really good. Now, we don't say tea leaf`n.叶子；一张；扇页` egg.

**Adam**: That is very important. Yes, it's just tea egg. And you know I saw some tea eggs here in Canada last week. One egg, three dollars`n.美元`!

**Connor**: Three dollars? That's expensive`adj.昂贵的；花钱的`!

> snack `n.零食`

**Adam**: It was really really expensive, so yeah, I decided to have a different snack.

**Connor**: Oh yeah! Well, that's too bad, because they are a really good afternoon snack.

**Adam**: Yeah! Or morning snack, or late night snack.

**Connor**: Late night snack, yeah.

**Adam**: They're are just really really yummy`adj.好吃的；美味的；愉快的`! And like I say if you buy them in China, they're not very expensive. But three dollars in Canada!

**Connor**: Oh man, it's crazy! So snack means you eat something small, um, usually between, like lunch and dinner or breakfast and lunch.

**Adam**: Right! And I mean everyone's idea of what a snack is is going to be different. You know, potato chips are a snack.

**Connor**: Yeah. I mean they are not healthy.

**Adam**: Right!

**Connor**: Like an apple is a perfect snack.

**Adam**: That is a really good snack. I like apple with a little bit peanut`n.花生` butter`n.黄油；奶油`.

**Connor**: Oh yeah, peanut butter is also delicious!

**Adam**: It's very very delicious and a healthy snack!

> wallet `n.钱包`

**Connor**: Right! So there are lots of great snacks, but you won't be getting any snacks if you leave your wallet at home.

**Adam**: Oh yeah! No money no way!

**Connor**: Yeah. So a wallet is that, that little bag? I guess.

**Adam**: Kind of like a bag.

**Connor**: Yeah. Where you put your credit cards and your money.

**Adam**: And your money. Yeah, exactly! I keep mine it my pocket`n.口袋`, a lot of men keep their wallets`n.钱包（wallet的复数形式）`, in their pockets. Now, ladies of course usually have purses`n.手提包`

**Connor**: Yes, a purse is like a little bigger.

**Adam**: Yeah, it's definitely`adv.清楚地，当然；明确地，肯定地` a bag.

**Connor**: Yes, for sure that is a bag, yeah.

**Adam**: Now, of course, women have wallets as well that they have purses and wallets, sounds very complicated`adj.难懂的，复杂的`.

**Connor**: Yeah. But men do not have purses.

**Adam**: They do not. I guess probably some do.

**Connor**: Some do, yeah.

**Adam**: Some do. In any case and maybe Cody is one of those men, we do not know. In any case because Jessica doesn't have her wallet, doesn't have any money, she needs Cody's help.

> pay me back `phr.还我钱`

**Connor**: That's right! She does needs his help, so he says, "no problem you can pay me back."

**Adam**: OK. So he is going to pay for all of the food, all of the yogurt, and all of the tea eggs and tissues. And then, when she has her wallet, when she has some money, she can pay him back.

**Connor**: This is a really good expensive, it just means pay or return the money.

**Adam**: Right, exactly! Now, of course, pay somebody back is an example of the phrasal`adj.短语的；习惯用语的，成语的` verb...

**Connor**: The phrasal verb, yes. Yes, and interesting we write me in between the words.

**Adam**: Yeah, you would never say pay back me, pay back him, pay back her, pay back them.

**Connor**: Right! But if it is a name, like Adam or Connor, you can say pay back Connor, pay back Adam.

**Adam**: Yeah, that's the rule. That' the rule for seventy five, eighty percent of phrasal verbs. But pay back is a weird`adj.怪异的；不可思议的；超自然的` one, bescause it is ok to say pay back Connor, pay back Adam. But it does sound kind of strange?

**Connor**: Yeah. We almost always say "Pay Connor back."

**Adam**: Pay Connor back.

**Connor**: Pay him back, everything pay person back.

**Adam**: Back, yeah, exactly. So maybe pay back is a special phrasal verb, you don't want to confuse`vt.使混乱；使困惑` it with other ones. But in any case if you borrow money from someone, you should always make sure to pay them back.

**Connor**: That's right. Well, that takes us to the end of the lesson for today. Why don't we listen to that one more time?

**Adam**: Sounds good!



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hey Jessica, I'm going on a convenience store run. Do you need anything? `嘿 Jessica,我要去一趟便利店。需要帮你带点什么吗？`

**B**: I'm almost out of tissues. Could you grab me a pack? `我的纸巾快用完了。能帮我带一包吗？`

**A**: Sure, no problem. You want a drink of something? `当然啦，没问题。你还要点饮料之类的吗？`

**B**: Um, I think I'm good. But could you get me some yogurt? `不用了。不过你能帮我带点酸奶吗？`

**A**: Okay. I'm going to get a few tea eggs too. Want one? `好啊。我还要买点茶叶蛋，你要吗？`

**B**: Yes! They are the perfect afternoon snack. Oh shoot, I left my wallet at home. `好呀！它们做下午茶零食很棒。糟了，我把钱包忘家里了。`

**A**: No problem. You can pay me back later! `没事儿，可以之后再还我。`

------

**Adam**: Ok. So we have spent today's lesson talking about some things that you buy at the convenience store, like tissues, drinks.

**Connor**: Yeah, milk or eggs.

**Adam**: Milk or eggs, tea eggs even better.

**Connor**: Hopefully tea eggs, yeah.

**Adam**: All kinds of snacks right, but of course, there are so many things that you can buy at convenience stores. We want to know what you like to buy when you go on convenience store runs.

**Connor**: Yes. So let us know in the comments and until next time we'll talk to you later.

**Adam**: Alright! Bye, guys!