---
layout:     post
title:      "Could you repeat that?"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-06-22 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 电话沟通




---



# Could you repeat that?

> 手机信号差，听不清对话讲话？怎样礼貌让对方再说一次？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 8 个词汇**

| 词汇          | 翻译                    |
| ------------- | ----------------------- |
| about to      | phr.将要                |
| missed        | v.错过（miss 的过去式） |
| repeat        | v.重复                  |
| soon          | adv.不久，很快          |
| hard          | adj.困难的              |
| cell phone    | n.手机                  |
| call you back | phr.回你电话            |
| in a second   | phr.立刻，马上          |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Johnny**: Hey, guys! Welcome to OpenLanguage. This is our host Johnny.

**Adam**: And this is Adam.

**Johnny**: Today we have a lesson called "Could you repeat that?"

**Adam**: So we are going to be talking about a phrase that you can use when you can't hear someone or you can't understand someone.

**Johnny**: Like when you're talking on the phone or when you're talking to a foreigner.

**Adam**: Exactly. Today we have a dialogue between James and David. Now, let's listen to today's dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hey, David. Are you almost here? `嗨，David。你快到了吗？`

**B**: I'll be there in 5 minutes. I'm about to get off the train. `我会在 5 分钟之内到。我就要下火车了。`

**A**: Sorry, I missed what you said. Could you repeat that? `对不起，我没听清你说的话。你能重复一遍吗？`

**B**: Sure. I'll be there soon. `好的。我很快就到了。`

**A**: It's still hard to hear you. There's a problem with your cell phone. `还是很难听到你的声音。你的手机有问题。`

**B**: What? Anyways, I must go now. I'll call you back in a second. `什么？不管怎样，我现在必须得走了。我马上给你回电话。`

**A**: Ok. Call me when you get here. `好的。你到了就给我打电话。`

**B**: Sounds good. Talk soon. `好的。一会再聊。`



## 03.对话精讲

**Johnny**: We just listened to the dialogue between James and David. James says, "Hey David, are you almost here?"

> about `phr.将要`

**Adam**: And then David says, "I'll be there in five mintues. I'm about to get off the train."

**Johnny**: "About to," what does that mean?

**Adam**: It means that very soon. you will do something.

**Johnny**: I can say, "I'm about to eat dinner."

**Adam**: Or "I'm about to go to sleep."

**Johnny**: We can use this to talk about things, too.

**Adam**: Like, "The train is about to leave the station."

**Johnny**: Sometimes we use "start" or "finish" with this, like "I'm about to start work."

**Adam**: Right, or "Yeah! I'm about to finish work. Woo!"

> missed `v.错过（miss 的过去式）`

**Johnny**: Nice, yeah, back to the dialogue. Next James says, "Sorry, I missed what you said. Could you repeat that?"

**Adam**: Before I said, we had one really good phrase`(n.短语)` that you can use when you don't really hear your friends very clearly. Actually, there's two really good phrases.

**Johnny**: The first one is "I missed what you said."

**Adam**: I missed it. I didn't hear it. I don't understand it.

**Johnny**: We can also say, "I didn't hear what you said," or sometimes we just say "what did you say?"

> repeat `v.重复`

**Adam**: Yeah, sure. "What did you say? Sorry, I missed that." But then we say an even more important phrase. "Could you repeat that?"

**Johnny**: To "repeat" something is to do it or say it again.

**Adam**: Again, so you can say "Could you repeat what you said?"

**Johnny**: Or sometimes you don't hear their name, you could say, "Could you repeat your name?"

**Adam**: Or, "could you repeat your phone number?"

**Johnny**: That's a good one. But can we use "can here?"

**Adam**: Yes, you can use "can," but remember guys "could" is nore polite that "can."  Sometimes I don't really like to repeat things. I already said it.

**Johnny**: You wanna say it a different way.

> soon `adv.不久，很快`

**Adam**: Right, and that's what David does in our dialogue. He doesn't say, "I'm about to get off the train again." He says, "I'll be there soon."

**Johnny**: "Soon" means a short time.

**Adam**: Like minutes or hours.

**Johnny**: You could say, "Oh, I need to go soon."

**Adam**: Or, "She'll be here soon. I'm so excited."

**Johnny**: We can also use this to talk about days or weeks, so like "it's my birthday soon." Or "I'm going on vacation soon."

**Adam**: Oh, very nice. And when we are saying goodbye to people, we can also use this word.

**Johnny**: We often say, "See you soon."

**Adam**: "Talk soon."

> hard `adj.困难的`

**Johnny**: David says, "I'll be see you soon." But James says, "It's still hard to hear you."

**Adam**: If something is hard, it means it is difficult.

**Johnny**: Yes, it's not easy.

**Adam**: If he's saying "It's hard to hear you." It just means I can't really head you.

**Johnny**: Yeah, so I often hear my friends say, "It's hard to wake up in the morning."

**Adam**: I often hear my friends say, "it's hard to save money."

**Johnny**: We can say "it's hard to do something," but we can also say "something is hard."

**Adam**: That's right. "The test was really hard."

> cell phone `n.手机`

**Johnny**: But in today's dialogue, it's hard to hear what David is saying, and James thinks there's a problem with his cell phone.

**Adam**: A cell phone. Is there anybody who does not have a cell phone?

**Johnny**: You are probably listening to us today on a cell phone.

**Adam**: On a cell phone. You know, of course, these are your iPhones. These are your Huaweis. We don't even say cell phone anymore. We just say phone. Or if Johnny buys a new phone, I can say "Hey, what phone is that?"

**Johnny**: Yeah. Well, I just got a new iPhone.

> call you back `phr.回你电话`

**Adam**: Wow. Now it sounds like it's still very hard for James and David to hear each other, to understand each other. David says, "What? Anyways, I must go now. I'll call you back in a second."

**Johnny**: It sounds like there are still some problems. And David uses this sentence "I must go now." This is our grammar point for today, but we'll come back to that later. So first, let's look at this sentence "I'll call you back in a second."

**Adam**: Okay, really really great phrase. "I'll call you back" means I will phone you, I will give you a call later.

**Johnny**: We use this sentence a lot if you can't talk right now.

**Adam**: Sometimes you're very very busy, so you might say, "Hey, I'm a little busy. Can I call you back later?"

**Johnny**: And that means you'll call them back in, maybe, an hour, or if you're really busy, maybe tomorrow.

**Adam**: Yeah, maybe tomorrow. We can use so many different time words: tomorrow, next week, next year. "Can I call you back next year?"

**Johnny**: Hopefully `adv.有希望地，有前途地`, it's not that long. We can say "I'll can you back" and then say "a time." If we miss a phone call, like if I missed Adam's phone call, I can say "Oh, I need to call Adam back."

**Adam**: That's right.

**Johnny**: But we can see today, David says "I'll call you back in a second." So let's talk about this.

**Adam**: In a second. That doesn't usually mean a real second. A real second is just one, two, three, but it just means you don't have to wait very long.

**Johnny**: If my friends call me and they're like "Johnny, where are you?" I can say, "Sorry, I'll be there in a second."

> in a second `phr.立刻，马上`

**Adam**: Or "I'll see you in a second."

**Johnny**: And sometimes we just use the word "sec."

**Adam**: Yeah.

**Johnny**: I'll see you in a sec.

**Adam**: See you in a sec.

**Johnny**: David says, "i'll call you back in a sec," and James says, "Ok. Call me when you get here."

**Adam**: Yeah, he doesn't really care. Just "when you get here, call me."

**Johnny**: Now, let's go back to our grammar point.

**Adam**: Earlier, we saw this sentence "I must go now."

**Johnny**: Today's grammar section is all about this very very strong word "must."

**Adam**: So we use this strong word "must" when we want to talk about something that's necessary `ajd.必要的；必需的；必然的` or required. So David said, "I must go now." He's telling James he can't talk anymore. He must stop talking.

**Johnny**: Right. He needs to, he has to, he must do someting else now.

**Adam**: Let's look at another example.

**Johnny**: Well, I can say "I must cook dinner now."

**Adam**: Oh, good example. This means Adam can't cook dinner later. He can only cook dinner now.

**Johnny**: I must cook dinner now.

**Adam**: We can use "must" to talk about other people as well, like he must, or you must, or Connor must.

**Johnny**: That's right. Okay. How about one mor example?

**Adam**: This one's a little difficult`adj.困难的`. I can say,  "You must come back in ten minutes, or you will miss the bus." We have some more examples in our grammar section. Please take a look there.

**Johnny**: All right, let's go ahead and listen to that dialogue one more time.

**Adam**: Sounds good.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hey, David. Are you almost here? `嗨，David。你快到了吗？`

**B**: I'll be there in 5 minutes. I'm about to get off the train. `我会在 5 分钟之内到。我就要下火车了。`

**A**: Sorry, I missed what you said. Could you repeat that? `对不起，我没听清你说的话。你能重复一遍吗？`

**B**: Sure. I'll be there soon. `好的。我很快就到了。`

**A**: It's still hard to hear you. There's a problem with your cell phone. `还是很难听到你的声音。你的手机有问题。`

**B**: What? Anyways, I must go now. I'll call you back in a second. `什么？不管怎样，我现在必须得走了。我马上给你回电话。`

**A**: Ok. Call me when you get here. `好的。你到了就给我打电话。`

**B**: Sounds good. Talk soon. `好的。一会再聊。`

------

**Johnny**: Okay, and we are back. We learned some really useful phrases today that we can use when we don't really hear someone.

**Adam**: Yeah, like when you're talking on your cell phone, you can say "I missed what you said. Could you repeat that?"

**Johnny**: That's right.

**Adam**: Or you can say, "It's hard to hear you."

**Johnny**: "It's really hard to hear you. Could you repeat that?"

**Adam**: Yeah, and you can repeat that. Or you can be like, "Hey, I'll call you back in a sec."

**Johnny**: That's right. Okay, guys! Well, that's the end of our lesson for today. We hope you enjoyed it. Please leave a comment or question below nad we'll see you next time.

**Adam**: Talk to you leater. Bye!



































