---
layout:     post
title:      "Cut in line"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-02 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 购物时尚




---



# Cut in line

> 插队这种行为让人厌恶，但是插队屡见不鲜。看到别人插队我们都会制止，那用英语应该怎么说呢？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 9 个词汇**

| 词汇                    | 翻译                       |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------- |
| line                    | n.队伍                     |
| moving                  | v.移动                     |
| what's talking so long? | phr.怎么会花这么久的时间？ |
| cut in line             | phr.插队                   |
| ahead                   | adv.前面                   |
| in a hurry              | phr.着急                   |
| first                   | adv.首先                   |
| fair                    | adj.公平的                 |
| line up                 | phr.排队                   |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Adam**: Hey guys, welcome back to OpenLanguage. This is Adam.

**Connor**: And this is Connor.

**Adam**: And today we are at a very special new place in a very special city called Shanghai.

**Connor**: Yeah, we're at Tim Hortons.

**Adam**: Yeah, so this brand`n.商标，牌子` new, well, it's not new in Canada but this Canadian restaurant, this Canadian coffee ship is now in China.

**Connor**: Yes, and we are there in today's lesson talking about lines.

**Adam**: Yes, because this place is actually super popular. And when you look at pictures of the Shanghai Tim Hortons there's always a really big line.

**Connor**: Yeah, because everybody wants to go there to eat.

**Adam**: Right, but some people don't like to wait in line.

**Connor**: So they cut in line.

**Adam**: They cut in line. So today we have a dialogue about this kind of situation`n.情况；形势；处境；位置`. I'm sure you've seen it before where someone does not agree to get in line.

**Connor**: Right so let's take a listen to that dialogue.

**Adam**: Alright.



### 核心对话

**A**: I can't believe how long this line is! `我真不相信这对排得这么长！`

**B**: I know, and it's moving so slowly. What's taking so long? `对啊，而且移动得还很慢。怎么会花这么长的时间啊？`

**A**: Hey did that guy just cut in line? `嘿，那个人刚刚试插队了吗？`

**B**: Excuse me, I think that we were ahead of you. `不好意思，我想我们是在你前面的。`

**C**: I'm kind of in a hurry. Would you mind if I went first? `我有点着急。如果我排前面你们会介意吗？`

**A**: That wouldn't be fair to the other people in line. `那样对其他排队的人不公平。`

**B**: Yeah, the end of the line is back there. `是的，队尾在那里。`

**C**: Okay, I'll go line up then. `好吧，那我去排队好了。`



## 03.对话精讲

> line `n.队伍`

**Connor**: Okay, so we just heard that dialogue and we have Lucy, Linus and Chuck. And Lucy begins by saying I can't believe how long this line is.

**Adam**: OK, so like we said before, Time Hortons is a very popular cafe, I can't believe how long the line is.

**Connor**: Right, because it's popular.

**Adam**: Yeah, exactly. So "line", of course, is a line of people, but this word we use it so many different ways.

>  cut in line `phr.插队`
>

**Connor**: Right, when we're talking about people in a line, we use it in many different ways, like you heard cut in line, lineup`n.阵容；一组人`. Or Adam, you said in the introduction, you said get in line.

**Adam**: Get in line, we always make a line. So we're always using this word, line. Now of course, lines can be very fast. They can move very quickly, then often move very slowly, however.

**Connor**: Right, and that just means, well, it's not going fast, you're waiting for a long time.

**Adam**: Yes, so it's kind of interesting that we use the word move here.

**Connor**: Right, I mean you can say the line is not going slowly, but we usually say move.

> moving `v.移动`

**Adam**: It's moving, right? Now of course, people are moving in that line. But as the people move, so does the line.

**Connor**: Right, it's a line that's moving, just like when I go to work in the morning, I have to move from my house to my work.

**Adam**: Oh, it's sometimes hard to move in the morning.

**Connor**: Yes, it's sometimes hard to even get out of bed.

**Adam**: Right, exactly, right? Now moving is a very interesting word beacuse here it's very neutral`adj.中立的，中性的`. The line is moving, the line is not moving. But if a policeman said to me, you know, move, you know, it would make me go very quickly.

**Connor**: Right, or if I'm standing in front of a door, and somebody want to go in the door, somebody might say to me, move.

**Adam**: Right, and that's pretty rude, right?

**Connor**: Yeah, a little bit.

**Adam**: So try not to just tell people to move. If you are a mother or a father, you can tell your kinds to move. And you know, moving, let's go, let's go. Moving, moving, moving.

> what's taking so long? `phr.怎么会花这么久的时间？`

**Connor**: Yeah, exactly, So Linus has this question, he says what's taking so long?

**Adam**: Interesting, because in the first sentence we hear the lines is very long. But here we're not really talking about how many people, we are talking more about how much time.

**Connor**: Right, we're talking about time. We could say why is it taking so long? But this is just a common phrase that we say, right?

**Adam**: Right, what's taking so long? So maybe you're waiting for the subway and the subway is not coming.

**Connor**: Yes, what's taking so long? Or if I'm waiting for my friend, my friend is taking a long time to arrive. I could say what's taking you so long?

**Adam**: Right, now again, since we just talked about move it, you know, not really being a very polite phrase. Yes, I would say this to my friend, I would not say it to my boss.

**Connor**: Yeah, don't say this to your boss. Even saying this to like the waitress`n.女服务员；女侍者` or server`n.发球员；伺候者`, just be careful, can be rude.

**Adam**: Right, exactly, right now in the next line we finally get to the point of this dialogue.

**Connor**: Right, yeah, Lucy says hey, did that guy just cut in line?

**Adam**: Okay, so here we are, cut in line. We should probably say that there are hundreds`n.数百` of ways to say this in English.

**Connor**: Oh yeah, there are so many ways. Basically`adv.主要地，基本上` if you think of, scissors`n.剪刀；剪式跳法` , you're goint to cut   the line, it makes the line shorter. If I want to eat up more quickly, then I can go to the middle or the front of the line. I can cut the line.

**Adam**: Interesting, now lines aren't the only things that we cut in that sense. We can also cut in to a conversation.

**Connor**: Yeah, that's right. So if Lisa and I are talking and Adam just starts talking.

**Adam**: Hey, guys.

**Connor**: Oh, Adam, please don't cut in.

**Adam**: Sorry, am I cutting in? Yeah, and in fact if you are in a situation`n.情况；形势；处境；位置` where you do need to cut in, you could say like "sorry, I didn't mean to cut in". But sometimes you have to, right? Now back to the line though. "Cut in line", this is something that I say, but I think more commonly I say "butt`n.屁股；烟头；笑柄；粗大的一端` in line".

**Connor**: Yes, butt in line. Butt ine line.

**Adam**: Cause`n.原因；事业；目标` that make me like that? This isn't talking about scissors like Connor just mentioned`adj.提及的，提到的`. This is talking about your butt, you are taking your butt, then you are putting it in front of other people.

**Connor**: Yes, exactly. And there's another one that I say often, budge`vi.挪动；微微移动；改变态度或意见；服从` in line.

**Adam**: Interesting, now there is one more that we should say are British friends don't use the word "line".

**Connor**: Right, they say the word queue.

**Adam**: And when we're talking about cutting in line or butting in line, they often say jump the queue`n.队列；长队；辫子`.

**Connor**: Jump, like they jump to the front of the queue.

**Adam**: Right, like I said, it's very funny that we have hundress of ways to talk about this exact`adj.准确的，精密的，精确的` same thing.

> ahead `adv.前面`

**Connor**: Right, and I think that's because we don't like when people do that. Yeah, so Linus says to that person, excuse me, I think that we were ahead of you.

**Adam**: Okay, so "ahead of " just means we were here before you. 

**Connor**: Right, and that's kind of what it means here as you said before.

**Adam**: Right, now I think what Linus says here is actually very polite. He doesn't say like, hey, you cut in line.

> first `adv.首先`

**Connor**: Right, yeah, he says we were ahead of you. We were here first.

**Adam**: Right, now this phrase that Linus uses here. This is actually a very polite way to say, hey, you cut in line.

**Connor**: Right, because cutting in line, yeah, it's not polite to say to that person. We can say we were ahead of you. And don't forget to say excuse me. That's also polite.

**Adam**: Right, now Chuck, the guy who actually cuts in line here, he has a reason.

> in a hurry `phr.着急`

**Connor**: Yeah, he does. He says I'm kind of in a hurry.

**Adam**: Okay, so if I'm in a hurry, it means I don't have a lot of time.

**Connor**: Right, so I'm going fast. I want to do this quickly. And this is a phrase that we don't say in the hurry. It's always in a hurry.

**Adam**: That's right. Now of course we could say I'm not in a hurry.

**Connor**: Right, If you can take some time, that's no problem. But, yeah, he says I'm kind of in a hurry means I'm a little bit in a hurry. Then he asks this question, would you mind if I went first?

**Adam**: OK, so would you mind, another very polite phrase. Everybody is very polite in this line. And now if I went first or if I go first just means can you please let me go ahead of you?

**Connor**: Yeah, can I go ahead of you before you?

**Adam**: Right. But you know, lines like many othery places in life, lines have rules.

> fair `adj.公平的`

**Connor**: Right, they have rules. if you don't follow those rules then that is not fair.

**Adam**: It's not fair.

**Connor**: Right. And that's what Lucy says here that wouldn't be fair to the other people in line.

**Adam**: That's interesting a lot of little kids, I know when I was little kid, maybe you as well Connor. You know, I would always say it's not fair, it's not fair. But here we can actually see you can also say it's not fair or that wouldn't be fair to someone.

**Connor**: Yes, like for example, if Lisa and I are eating a pizza and, well, Lisa takes three pieces of pizza, well, that wouldn't be fair to Adam because Adam wants pizza too.

**Adam**: I want pizza too. So, again Lucy is being kind of polite in the situation. Linus here at this next line. It's not super pilite.

**Connor**: Yeah, he says the end of the line is back there.

**Adam**: Okay, so again, a line has a beginning. It has a start, and of course, it also has an end.

**Connor**: Yeah, it has an end, which is usually behind you or back there.

**Adam**: Right, and so what does Chunk do in the end?

> line up `phr.排队`

**Connor**: Yeah, he says, ok, I'll go line up then.

**Adam**: OK, so we almost`adv.差不多，几乎` saved the best part for last. Connor did mention`vt.提到，谈到` line up in the beginning, this one we could almost just talk about for another ten minutes.

**Connor**: Yeah, exactly. Now line up, it's two words and it is the verb if I want to go wait in the line, I say I'll go line up.

**Adam**: Right, so the teacher will tell all the children. Children, children, it's time to line up.

**Connor**: Yes, and then all the children say don't cut in line.

**Adam**: Don't cut in line, yes.

**Connor**: And there's also one more thing, we can use this as a noun as well. When we say it as one word, lineup.

**Adam**: Right. So how long is the lineup? The lineup`n.阵容；一组人` is moving very slowly, all of the times that we used line in this lesson, we also could have said line up.

**Connor**: Right, they're the same thing. Okay, so we've been talking about lineups and lines. Why don't we go ahead and listen to that one more time?

**Adam**: Sounds good.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: I can't believe how long this line is! `我真不相信这对排得这么长！`

**B**: I know, and it's moving so slowly. What's taking so long? `对啊，而且移动得还很慢。怎么会花这么长的时间啊？`

**A**: Hey did that guy just cut in line? `嘿，那个人刚刚试插队了吗？`

**B**: Excuse me, I think that we were ahead of you. `不好意思，我想我们是在你前面的。`

**C**: I'm kind of in a hurry. Would you mind if I went first? `我有点着急。如果我排前面你们会介意吗？`

**A**: That wouldn't be fair to the other people in line. `那样对其他排队的人不公平。`

**B**: Yeah, the end of the line is back there. `是的，队尾在那里。`

**C**: Okay, I'll go line up then. `好吧，那我去排队好了。`

------

**Connor**: Okay, so we just heard that dialogue between Lucy, Linus and Chuck again. Now I really don't like it when people cut in line and in front of me.

**Adam**: Well, I don't like when they cut in line at all.

**Connor**: Yeah, it's really interesting in Canada and the USA, we really don't like it when people do this.

**Adam**: Right, because it's not fair.

**Connor**: It's not fair. I was here first. I was waiting for longer than you, so you go to the end of the line.

**Adam**: Right, now sometimes, well, me for example, I'm not always in a hurry. And so sometimes it makes me very happy to say to another person in line, hey, I'm not in a hurry, why don't you go first?

**Connor**: Yeah, you go ahead of me.

**Adam**: You go ahead of me. And then that other person is always very happy.

**Connor**: Very happy, yeah. Because Adam is a really nice guy. Alright, well, what about you guys? What do you think when somebody cuts in line ahead of you?

**Adam**: That's right guys. Please leave us your comments. Please, leave your questions as well. We always appreciate`vt.欣赏；感激；领会；鉴别` both.

**Connor**: Alright, and until next time, we'll talk to you later.

**Adam**: Bye guys.

