---
layout:     post
title:      "Talking to your neighbor"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-06-27 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 家居生活




---



# Talking to your neighbor

> 邻居出来驾到，如何开启话题？怎样跟自己的新邻居聊天才会显得礼貌又不尴尬？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 7 个词汇**

| 词汇           | 翻译                       |
| -------------- | -------------------------- |
| next door      | adv.在隔壁                 |
| are you new to | phr.你是刚来（某个地方）吗 |
| area           | n.地区                     |
| places to eat  | n.吃饭的地方               |
| cafes          | n.咖啡厅                   |
| what a         | phr.真是一个...            |
| neighborhood   | n.领近地区；住宅区；街坊   |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Connor**: Hello, and welcome to OpenLanguage. My name is Connor.

**Lisa**: And my name is Lisa.

**Connor**: Today we have an A2 lesson for you. It's called "Talking to your neighbor."

**Lisa**: The people in your apartment building or the next house are called neighbors.

**Connor**: Because they live close.

**Lisa**: Sometimes it's hard to talk to them.

**Connor**: Yeah, maybe you're shy`adj.害羞的；猥琐的，胆怯的`, or maybe you don't know what to say.

**Lisa**: Today's dialogue is between two neighbors. They are Amanda and Jason.

**Connor**: Amada introduces herself to Jason. Alright, let's listen to that dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hi, there. My name's Amanda. I haven't meet you before. `你好。我叫 Amada。我之前没有见过你。`

**B**: Hi, I'm Jason. I moved here yesterday. I live next door. `你好，我叫 Jason。我昨天刚搬到这里。我住在隔壁。`

**A**: Oh, nice to meet you! Are you new to this area? `哦，很高兴见到你！你是刚来这个地方吗？`

**B**: Yes, so I don't know any good places to eat. Are they any cafes? `是的，我不知道哪里吃饭比较好。这片有咖啡馆吗？`

**A**: Of course. Just across the street. It's next to a beautiful park, too. `当然。就在街对面。旁边也有座漂亮的公园。`

**B**: Wow, thanks. What a nice neighborhood! `哇，谢谢。这片街区太好了！`

**A**: Yep, I think you'll like it! `对，我觉得你会喜欢这里的。`



## 03.对话精讲

**Lisa**: Okay, so we just heard the dialogue. It sounds like Jason just moved to this apartment building.

**Connor**: That's right. Because Amanda says, "I haven't meet you before."

**Lisa**: Yeah, this just means they've nerver met.

**Connor**: It's the first time for them to meet.

**Lisa**: Yeah, and this is a really common thing to say when you first meet someone.

**Connor**: Yeah, like meeting your new boss, "Oh, I haven't met you yet." This is our grammar point for today. That means we're going to talk about it a little bit later.

> next door `adv.在隔壁`

**Lisa**: Okay, let's go back to the dialogue. Jason says, "Hi, I'm Jason. I moved here yesterday. I live next door."

**Connor**: "Next door." This is a phrase we use with our neighbors, people or places that are very close.

**Lisa**: Yeah, when it's "next door," it could be right beside you.

**Connor**: Yeah, right beside it. The apartment beside you. It could be a building beside you. It could be a person who lives beside you.

**Lisa**: Yeah, like your next door neighbor.

**Connor**: Next door neighbor. Now maybe your next door neighbor is really noisy`adj.嘈杂的；喧闹的；聒噪的`.

**Lisa**: Yeah, tha's often a problem. But I can also say that a place is next door like the store is next door to my apartment.

**Connor**: Or if you're asking for directions`n.方向；指示`, "Oh, I'm looking for the library." "Oh, don't worry. It's next door!" 

> are you new to `phr.你是刚来（某个地方）吗`

**Lisa**: It's very very close. Jason lives next door, and Amanda says, "Oh, nice to meet you. Are you new to this area?"

**Connor**: This is a really good phrase, "Are you new to...." This means "it's my first time here. I came here recently."

**Lisa**: Yeah, I've never been here before. For example, I'm new to this school. If you are a new student, you can say this.

**Connor**: It could also be for studying. Maybe you started studying last week, you could say, "Oh, I am new to studying English."

**Lisa**: Or if you just started a job, you are new to this company.

> area `n.地区`

**Connor**: So you have to practice. In this case, she's asking, "Are you new to this area?"

**Lisa**: "Area" is similar to place.

**Connor**: It's like a part of a place. A city has many ares.

**Lisa**: Yeah, like a shopping area, or a business area.

> neighborhood `n.邻近地区；住宅区；街坊`

**Connor**: Yeah, we call this "neighborhood" sometimes. and we'll talk about neighborhood later. There could be a park area.

**Lisa**: Now another question you can ask people is, "Do you live in this area?"

**Connor**: Do you live near this place?

**Lisa**: Is Jason new to this area?

> places to eat `n.吃饭的地方`

**Connor**: Yeah, he is, because he says, "Yes, so I don't know any good places to eat."

**Lisa**: Yeah, and this is an excellent`adj.卓越的；极好的；杰出的` question. You can ask this when you meet a new neighor, or you can ask this when you're traveling.

**Connor**: In this case, it's a place to eat. That means it's a restaurant.

**Lisa**: Yeah, that's right. Now we can use other verbs after this. For example, a place to exercise. That could be a gym or a park.

**Connor**: A place to sleep might be a hotel.

> cafes `n.咖啡厅`

**Lisa**: Here Jason says, "I don't know any good places to eat. Are there any cafes?"

**Connor**: Because a cafe is also a place to eat. It could be a coffee shop. Usually, there's coffee, and snacks`n.小吃；快餐；零嘴` or sandwiches`n.三明治`.

**Lisa**: Just be careful with the pronunciation, cafes /kæfˈeɪz/.

**Connor**: Cafes. I like to go to cafes.

**Lisa**: Where is the cafe?

**Connor**: Well, Amanda says, "It's just across the street. It's also next to a beautiful park."

> what a `phr.真是一个...`

**Lisa**: That's really nice, so Jason says, "Wow, thanks. What a nice neighborhood!"

**Connor**: "What a" is one of our vacabulary phrases today. It means, "Wow, this is really good or bad thing."

**Lisa**: For example, what a nice guy!

**Connor**: What a nice guy! That means he is really kind, nice guy. Or maybe I meet my friend and he has a new shirt that I like. I could say, "Wow, what a nice new shirt!"

**Lisa**: Let's also give a negative example. Maybe I had a really bad day. It was really busy at work and we had lots of problems. I could say, "Oh, what a terrible day!"

**Connor**: What a busy day! We can use this to talk about anything. In this case, we're talking about "a neighborhood."

**Lisa**: So your "neighborhood" is where you live.

**Connor**: Yeah, a neighborhood is an area in a city, for example, downtown.

**Lisa**: Often we just use it to say the area where you live, so you could live in a quiet neighborhood.

**Connor**: I like quiet neighborhood. I know I can't like in a rich neighborhood.

**Lisa**: Yeah, because the houses are always really expensive`adj.昂贵的；花钱的` in a rich neighborhood.

**Connor**: That's right. Yeah.

**Lisa**: And of course, just remember that the person who lives in your neighborhood is called your neighbor.

**Connor**: So everybody has neighbors. And at the end of this dalogue, Amanda says, "Yeah, I think you'll like it." And what does this mean?

**Lisa**: This just means "you'll like it probably."

**Connor**: Probably, yes, I think you'll like it. This is a really good sentence to say to your friends. "I think you'll like it."

**Lisa**: For example, should I try that new restaurant?

**Connor**: Yeah, I think you'll like it.

**Lisa**: Well, then I think I will have to try it. Okay, guys. That is the end of our dialogue for today. So let's look at the grammar.

**Connor**: So the grammar was, "I haven't met you before." This is the present perfect.

**Lisa**: As we said before, "I haven't met you before" means that this is the first time. Why don't we use "didn't."

**Connor**: You mean, like "I didn't meet you before."

**Lisa**: Yeah, that's a little bit weird, right? When we used "didn't," we usually have a time like "I didn't meet him at the party."

**Connor**: Yeah, or "I met him this morning." "I met him at 10 AM."

**Lisa**: But when we use "have," we don't use the time. I can't say, "I have met him at 10 PM."

**Connor**: Yes.

**Lisa**: Now, to make the present perfect, we have to say "I have" and then use the past`n.过去；往事` participle`n.分词`.

**Connor**: So we change "meet" to  "met." "I have met" or "I haven't met." And "I haven't met" can also be said like "I have not met," right?

**Lisa**: That's right. Let's give an example of another verb. "Do."  The past tense is "did," but when I use  "have," I have to say, "I have done."

**Connor**: Because "done" is the past participle. Also, "see" changes to "seen." I have seen.

**Lisa**: Yeah, and usually we use this to talk about our experiences`n.经历`. For example, I have never been to Thailand. 

**Connor**: Oh, so when we talk about travel, yes, we use it a lot. For example, I haven't eaten at that restaurant.

**Lisa**: Yeah and here, Amanda doesn't have this experience of meeting Jason, so she says, "I haven't met you before."

**Connor**: That's right. Here is a good tip. We often use present perfect with the words: ever, never, already, yet, and before.

**Lisa**: That's right. "I've never done that" or "I haven't done it yet."

**Connor**: Yeah.

**Lisa**: But we still have some more examples, so please have a look at the grammar section.

**Connor**: I think it's time for us to listen to the dialogue one more time.

**Lisa**: What a good idea!



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hi, there. My name's Amanda. I haven't meet you before. `你好。我叫 Amada。我之前没有见过你。`

**B**: Hi, I'm Jason. I moved here yesterday. I live next door. `你好，我叫 Jason。我昨天刚搬到这里。我住在隔壁。`

**A**: Oh, nice to meet you! Are you new to this area? `哦，很高兴见到你！你是刚来这个地方吗？`

**B**: Yes, so I don't know any good places to eat. Are they any cafes? `是的，我不知道哪里吃饭比较好。这片有咖啡馆吗？`

**A**: Of course. Just across the street. It's next to a beautiful park, too. `当然。就在街对面。旁边也有座漂亮的公园。`

**B**: Wow, thanks. What a nice neighborhood! `哇，谢谢。这片街区太好了！`

**A**: Yep, I think you'll like it! `对，我觉得你会喜欢这里的。`

------

**Lisa**: We are back. So Connor, do you talk to your neighbors?

**Connor**: Yeah, I like to talk to my neighbors, but one for my neighbors is a little bit shy`adj.害羞的；畏缩的，胆怯的`.

**Lisa**: But I still like to try to talk to them. So often I say, "How was your day?" and I usually talk about the weather.

**Connor**: Yeah, or "How was your weekend?"

**Lisa**: Yeah, that's a good thing to ask. We would like to hear from you guys. Do you talk to your neighbors? And what do you say?

**Connor**: Yeah, please practice your English in the comments and ask a question. Until next time, we'll talk to you later.

**Lisa**: We'll see you then.