---
layout:     post
title:      "Going to movie"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-13 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 休闲娱乐




---



# Going to movie

> 又到了大片云集的时候啦！想邀请别人去看电影怎么说？电影院的几种说法你又知道啦？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 8 个词汇**

| 词汇         | 翻译             |
| ------------ | ---------------- |
| have in mind | phr.想好，考虑到 |
| blockbusters | n.大片           |
| look good    | phr.看起来不错   |
| reserve      | v.预约           |
| 3D           | adj.三维的       |
| theater      | n.影院           |
| popcorn      | n.爆米花         |
| show         | n.演出           |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Connor**: Hello, and welcome to Open Langugge, this is Connor.

**Lisa**: And this is Lisa.

**Connor**: And today we are going to a movie.

**Lisa**: Yes, so there are a lot of good movies coming out this summer and maybe you want to invite your friends to go see a movie.

**Connor**: And so in this lesson today, we have Sandra and James. They are talking about going to a movie at the movie theater. So why don't we take a listen?

**Lisa**: Sounds good.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hi, James. Would you like to go see a movie tonight? `嗨，James。今晚想去看电影吗？`

**B**: Sure. Which movie do you have in mind? `好啊。你想看哪部电影呢？`

**A**: There are so many summer blockbusters. They all look good! `今年夏天上映了好多大片。看起来都好看！`

**B**: Okay. Can we reserve seats? `好的。那我们就订座位吧？`

**A**: Of course. Tickets are $15 for 3D and it starts at 7. `当然。3D票价 15 美元，电影 7 点开始。`

**B**: Got it. How about we meet at the theater at 6:30? `了解。那我们 6:30 在电影院见面？`

**A**: Sounds good. I want to get some popcorn before the show. `好啊。电影开始前我想买点爆米花。`

**B**: Me too! `我也想！`



## 03.对话精讲

**Connor**: Okay, we just heard that conversation between Sandra and James. Sandra says, hi James, would you like to go see a movie tonight?

**Lisa**: Yes, so there're two verbs here, go and see.

**Connor**: That's right, this is very common. We use this go, see all the time when we have to go first before we can see something.

**Lisa**: Exactly, so I could say do you want to go see a movie or do you want to go see a play?

**Connor**: We can change the verb, too. How about this? Let's go visit my parents.

**Lisa**: Yeah, or let's go dance at the club.

**Connor**: Oh, you know, I'm feeling a little bored. Let's go do something fun.

**Lisa**: Or maybe we should go make some food.

**Connor**: This "go see" is in the grammar section today, so please make sure to take a look at that. There's something very important, too. We never change go see, we don't say going see, we don't say I went see and we don't say he goes see.

**Lisa**: No, it's always go see.

**Connor**: Now, why doesn't Sandra say watch a movie?

**Lisa**: Well, when we watch a movie, often we do that at home.

> theater `n.影院`

**Connor**: That's right, so when we talk about movies at the movie theater, we say "see a movie."

**Lisa**: Exactly, now if I said would you like watch a movie, I'm probably talking about my house. Okay, but what does James say?

> have in mind `phr.想好，考虑到`

**Connor**: James says, sure, which movie do you have in mind?

**Lisa**: Okay, so what movie are you thinking about?

**Connor**: That's right, if I have something in mind, it means I'm thinking about something and there are many examples that we can use, have something in mind. For example, do you have a restaurant in mind?

**Lisa**: Yeah, or maybe if someone says, let's hang out on Friday. I could say, okay, do you have anything in mind?

> blockbusters `n.大片`

**Connor**: Well, I have something in mind. Okay, so let's take a look at the next sentence. Sandra says, there are so many summer blockbusters.

**Lisa**: Okay, blockbusters, these are the really popular movies.

**Connor**: That's right. Very very successful and it could be a movie or it could be a book, like a really famous Harry Potter book.

**Lisa**: Yeah, but for movies, we may be thinking of Spider-man or Lion`n.狮子` King.

> look good `phr.看起来不错`

**Connor**: That's right, those movies came out this summer and they all look good, don't they?

**Lisa**: They do, so look good, this is a chunk`n.大块；矮胖的人或物`, we usually put them together, we don't say it looks fun or it looks like fun.

**Connor**: That's right, that's right, movies are good or bad or if it's a comedy`n.喜剧；喜剧性；有趣的事情`, maybe it's funny, but we don't say the movie looks fun, we also don't say looks like good, we say looks good.

**Lisa**: Yes, but you could also say the opposite`adj.相反的；对面的；对立的`, so I could also say the movie looks bad.

**Connor**: Looks bad, you could even say the movie looks boring`adj.无聊的；令人厌烦的`.

**Lisa**: I hope you're not going to any boring movies.

**Connor**: Right yes, now we don't just use looks good when talking about movies. I could say, Lisa, you new shirt looks good.

**Lisa**: Thank you, you new hair`n.头发` cut looks good, too.

> reserve `v.预约`

**Connor**: Oh, well thank you. All right, so James has a question here, James asks, can we reserve seats?

**Lisa**: Okay, so if you reserve seats, then you save or keep the seats.

**Connor**: That's right, if you want to go to a famous restautrant, you should reserve a table and that is the verb, the noun is reservation.

**Lisa**: Yes, and you want to reserve seats because it might be busy.

**Connor**: That's right so you can reserve them online. I know sometimes, if I go to a theater, I forget about reserving seats and maybe I'll try to sit in a chair and someone says, oh sorry, these seats are reserved.

**Lisa**: Yes, so they're reserved for someone else, someone else already booked them. Now you can also say book seats instead of reserve seats.

> 3D `adj.三维的`

**Connor**: Right, and so Sandra answers James. She says of course and tickets are $15 for 3D and it starts at 7.

**Lisa**: Yeah, so 3D. This is when the picture looks like it's coming out.

**Connor**: That's right, you have to put on 3D glasses before you go into the theater. I don't really like 3D because the glasses are not comfortable.

**Lisa**: Oh yeah, I could see that but I don't know, I love 3D movies so whenever I go to the theater, I always go for 3D movies.

**Connor**: That's right, the theater, James says, how about we meet at the theater at six thirty?

**Lisa**: Okay, so theater T.H.E.A.T.E.R. It's pronounced theater.

**Connor**: Theater, that's right, if you live in England, maybe you'll say cinema`n.电影；电影院` but if you like in Canada or the USA, you say theater and you can even say movie theater.

**Lisa**: Yes, exactly, but if you say cinema, people will understand too.

**Connor**: Exactly, exactly, right, now there is one thing that you will see most people carrying at a movie theater and what is what?

> popcorn `n.爆米花`

**Lisa**: They're usually carrying`v.运载，搬运，带着(carry 的现在分词)` popcorn, so Sandra says I want to get some popcorn before the show.

**Connor**: Popcorn is delicious. It's that white buttery`adj.涂用黄油的` salty`adj.含盐的` food or snack`n.小吃，快餐` that people love to eat at the movie theater.

**Lisa**: Yeah and sometimes it's a little crunchy`adj.易碎的；发嘎吱嘎吱声的`, right?

**Connor**: It's crunchy and it's delicious, it's not really healthy but it's not as bad as chocolate.

**Lisa**: Or chips.

**Connor**: Or chips, exactly yeah. I love to get a big bag of popcorn, especially`adv.特别，尤其；格外` before the show.

> show `n.演出`

**Lisa**: That's right, so a show could be a movie, a play, a TV program or even a concert.

**Connor**: That's right. A music concert`n.音乐会`, here, of course, it is a noun, not a verb, like you said Lisa, can be any movie or could be a musical`adj.音乐的；悦耳的` like on Broadway`n.百老汇` in New York. 

**Lisa**: Yeah, so you could also say, would you like to see a show in New York?

**Connor**: That's right, that's right, okay and of course, James says, me too because it sounds like James also likes popcorn.

**Lisa**: That's right, okay well, that is the end of our dialogue today so why don't we go ahead and listen to that one more time?

**Connor**: Sounds good.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hi, James. Would you like to go see a movie tonight? `嗨，James。今晚想去看电影吗？`

**B**: Sure. Which movie do you have in mind? `好啊。你想看哪部电影呢？`

**A**: There are so many summer blockbusters. They all look good! `今年夏天上映了好多大片。看起来都好看！`

**B**: Okay. Can we reserve seats? `好的。那我们就订座位吧？`

**A**: Of course. Tickets are $15 for 3D and it starts at 7. `当然。3D票价 15 美元，电影 7 点开始。`

**B**: Got it. How about we meet at the theater at 6:30? `了解。那我们 6:30 在电影院见面？`

**A**: Sounds good. I want to get some popcorn before the show. `好啊。电影开始前我想买点爆米花。`

**B**: Me too! `我也想！`

------

**Connor**: Okay, we just heard that conversation again. I'm wondering`adj.疑惑的；觉得奇怪的` Lisa have you gone to any movies recently?

**Lisa**: Not that recently. I think the last movie that I went to was Avengers`n.复仇者`.

**Connor**: Oh, Avengers, oh yeah, that is a good movie. I think we should go see a really fun movie, maybe a horror`n.惊骇；惨状` movie.

**Lisa**: Yeah, we should, or a comdy`n.喜剧；喜剧性`, but let's go to a blockbuster.

**Connor**: Definitely`adv.清楚地，当然；明确地；肯定地`, a blockbuster because they're always good. They, they all look very good.

**Lisa**: Exactly, what about you guys? Are you excited`v.激动；唤起（excite 的过去分词）` about any blockbusters that are coming out this summer?

**Connor**: And do you like 3D or 2D?

**Lisa**: Yeah, and do you some times forget to reserve seats?

**Connor**: Yeah, that's right. Okay, we'll leave a comment or ask a question and until next time, we'll talk to you later.

**Lisa**: All right, talk to you then.