---
layout:     post
title:      "Shopping online"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-11 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 购物时尚




---



# Shopping online

> 不出门那就在网上购物吧！网购便宜、种类多，但是也可能商品和图片差异大。网购都有哪些优势劣势？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 8 个词汇**

| 词汇       | 翻译                         |
| ---------- | ---------------------------- |
| online     | adv.网上地                   |
| off        | adv.（钱）（从..）扣掉，减去 |
| cheaper    | adj.更便宜的                 |
| send       | v.发送，邮寄                 |
| convenient | adj.方便的                   |
| products   | n.产品（product 的复数形式） |
| different  | adj.不同的                   |
| return     | v.退货                       |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Lisa**: Hey, guys. Welcomet back to OpenLanguage. You are listening to an A2 lesson. My name is Lisa.

**Adam**: And my name is Adam.

**Lisa**: So we've done a lot of lessons about shopping at stores and at malls, but these days everyone buys things on their phone or their computer.

**Adam**: Exactly. Everyone is shopping online.

**Lisa**: So today we are talking about why people shop online, and we'll learn some good phrases you can use to talk about shopping with your friends.

**Adam**: So in today's dialogue, we have two friends, Jesse and Max.

**Lisa**: Now, let's listen to the dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hey Max, where did you get those shoes? They look great! `嗨，Max，你从哪买到这些鞋？看起来不错！`

**B**: Oh, I got them online. They were 25% off. `哦，我从网上买的。打了 75 折。`

**A**: Nice. Shopping online is so much cheaper. `真好。线上购物能便宜很多钱。`

**B**: Yeah, they send everything quickly too. `是的，所有商品他们也都配送得很快。`

**A**: Right! It's so convenient. I buy most things online. `是的！非常方便。我大部分东西都是网上买的。`

**B**: Me too, like clothes, food and my phone! `我也是，比如说衣服、食品，还有我的手机！`

**A**: But sometimes the products are really different from the pictures. `但是有时候，商品和图片非常不符。`

**B**: True, but you can always return them. `的确如此，但是通常你都可以退货。`



## 03.对话精讲

**Lisa**: Okay, so we are back with our friends, Jessi and Max. Now Max just bought some nice shoes, and Jessi says, "Hey Max, where did you get those shoes? They look great!"

> online `adv.网上地`

**Adam**: Yep, and then Max says, "Oh, I got them online."

**Lisa**: Yeah, so "online." This means that you bought it on your computer, on your phone, on the internet.

**Adam**: On the internet. So this world is very useful. It's very common! It's also in the title of today's lesson.

**Lisa**: Shopping online.

**Adam**: Shopping online. But we don't just use this word with shopping. We can also ask questions like, "Are you online?"

**Lisa**: Yeah, like, "Are you using your computer right now?" Or some people play games online.

**Adam**: A lot of people play games online. Some people date online.

> off `adv.（钱）（从...）扣掉，减去`

**Lisa**: Oh, yeah. That's true, that's true. But I think everyone shops online, right? And Max here says that he got his shoes online, right? They were 25% off.

**Adam**: I think that's why people shop online. So "25% off." Here we are talking about a discount.

**Lisa**: Yeah, so what is that 25% discount?

**Adam**: It means that it is now 75%. So if it's ten dollars... I don't know if shoes are ten dollars, but let's say, they are ten-dollar shoes. If it's 25% off, then those shoes will be seven dollars and 50 cents`分`.

**Lisa**: Yes, that's right. And we can change this number, right? It could be 50% off, right? So five dollars.

**Adam**: Wow, we could say 75% off.

**Lisa**: Yeah, you can just put any number here.

**Adam**: Just remember, guys, that in English we are always talking about talking something off the price or from the price.

**Lisa**: Yeah, it's not off 25%.

**Adam**: Right.

> cheaper `adj.更便宜的`

**Lisa**: It's 25% off. Okay, but this sounds really good, right? So Jessi says, "Nice, shopping online is so much cheaper."

**Adam**: Okay, so this is the word I wanted to say before. "Cheap" is sometimes a very good word. It you can buy things that are cheap, that's great, because it means they're not expensive`adj.昂贵的，花钱的`.

**Lisa**: Exactly, and when something's cheaper, it's less expensive.

**Adam**: That's right. That's right. More cheap, less expensive! These are my favorite words.

**Lisa**: Yeah, like my friends often say, like, "Oh, it's cheaper on Alibaba."

**Adam**: Yeah, or it's cheaper on Double 11.

**Lisa**: Exactly, or if you're talking about brands like Nike is cheaper than Gucci.

**Adam**: Yeah, everything is cheaper than Gucci.

**Lisa**: Everything is. Okay, but shopping online is much cheaper, right? And there is another good thing about shopping online too.

> send `v.发送，邮寄`

**Adam**: That's right. Max says, "They send everythig quickly too."

**Lisa**: Yeah, so when they "send" it, then give it to you.

**Adam**: But they're not giving it to you with their hands.

**Lisa**: Yeah, it's coming from far away, like a different country.

**Adam**: Right, so that's why we use "send" with things like, send a letter.

**Lisa**: Yeah, or send an email.

**Adam**: Send a package.

**Lisa**: Yeah, so your shoes come in a package, right? And you send something to someone.

**Adam**: That's right.

**Lisa**: So he sent a present to me.

**Adam**: That's right. You should send a present to me.

**Lisa**: Maybe I will. Okay, but here they sent the shoes to his house.

**Adam**: Right, but they didn't send them slowly.

**Lisa**: No, no, they sent everything quickly.

**Adam**: So "quickly" just means fast. We are going to talk about words like quickly later in the grammar section. But for now, what does Jessi say next?

> convenient `adj.方便的`

**Lisa**: Well, she says, "Right! It's so convenient. I buy most things online."

**Adam**: Okay, so if you are talking about shopping online, you must also talk about "convenient."

**Lisa**: So "convenient" is an adjective, right? And it just means it's easy. It's nice.

**Adam**: It's easy and nice.

**Lisa**: Yeah, so, for example, cars are convenient.

**Adam**: They help us.

**Lisa**: Yeah, you can go anywhere you want.

**Adam**: Right. Well, I live near the subway station. And that's very convenient.

**Lisa**: It is. And online shopping is convenient because you don't have to leave your home.

**Adam**: Yes, many people do not like leaving their homes, so it is very convenient when someone can send you something.

**Lisa**: Okay, so a lot of people these days they buy things online, right? So Max says, "Me too, like clothes, food and my phone."

**Adam**: Oh okay, don't eat your phone, Max!

**Lisa**: No no.

> products `n.产品（product 的复数形式）`

**Adam**: But Jessi has something very, very, very, very smart to say next, which is "but sometimes the products are really different from the pictures."

**Lisa**: And this is really the problem when you shop online. So a "product" is just something that a company makes and sells.

**Adam**: That's right. And, of course, it's something that we buy.

**Lisa**: Yeah, so OpenLanguage is a product.

**Adam**: It is. That's right. Computers are products.

**Lisa**: Yes, we have lots of food products.

**Adam**: Right, and you can have men's products, women's products.

> different `adj.不同的`

**Lisa**: Yeah, so if you're shopping online, this is what you're looking for. Sometimes, you know, when you're looking at these products, they are different from the pictures.

**Adam**: That's right. The picture that you see online, maybe it's very beautiful. Oh, It's red and lovely, but then the product that they send you, oh, it's black, ugly`adj.丑陋的；邪恶的；令人厌恶的`.

**Lisa**: Yeah, it's different.

**Adam**: It's different.

**Lisa**: Not the same.

**Adam**: Right.

**Lisa**: Yeah, it could be a different size, or it could just look different.

**Adam**: Right, just remember "different" means "not the same."

**Lisa**: Yes. And we often say "different from," like different from the pictures.

> return `v.退货`

**Adam**: Right, right. Now Max says, "True, but you can always return them."

**Lisa**: Yeah, and this is really good, right? So to "return" something means to bring it back to the store.

**Adam**: Yes, so usually that means you want your money. "Give me back my money."

**Lisa**: Right, now with shopping online, you probably send it back when you return it.

**Adam**: Right, so that's maybe not so convenient, but if the person who sold`v.卖，销售` you the product, maybe they will send you your money back or send you a new product.

**Lisa**: That's right. Now we always say return something to someplace or someone, so you could return it to the store.

**Adam**: That's right.

**Lisa**: Okay, but that is the end of our dialogue. So now it's time for the grammar. 

**Lisa**: Today our grammar is about adverbs like "quickly." So adverbs give you information about the verb.

**Adam**: Right, in other words, they answer the question "how."

**Lisa**: Yeah, he walked.

**Adam**: But how did he walk?

**Lisa**: He walked quickly.

**Adam**: Okay, okay, that makes sense`n.感觉，功能；观念；道理；理智`. So how do we make an adverb?

**Lisa**: Well, we take an adjetive and add -ly.

**Adam**: Okay, so "quick" is an adjective. We can add -ly to quick, and get "quickly."

**Lisa**: Yeah, slow, slowly. Bad, badly.

**Adam**: Oh, badly. Now, what about fast? Can we say fastly?

**Lisa**: No, fast is an adverb. So you don't need to change it. We just say she walked fast.

**Adam**: Right."She walked fast" and "she walked quickly" are the same thing. So just remember that sometimes the adjective and the adverb are the same word.

**Lisa**: Yes, fast is fast.

**Adam**: Or early is early.

**Lisa**: Hard is hard.

**Adam**: Okay.

**Lisa**: She works hard. She works very hard.

**Adam**: And there's another really good one, another adjective that is also an adverb, ant that is "online."

**Lisa**: Yes, online shopping, and you might say shop online.

**Adam**: That's right. Online stores or shop online.

**Lisa**: Okay, but sometimes we just have another word, so good becomes well.

**Adam**: Right, there is no "goodly." We don't say "He did goodly."

**Lisa**: No, we say "He did well."

**Adam**: Okay, so that's a lot of adverbs to study for now, but just remember, guys, they're very, very important words, because they answer how you do something.

**Lisa**: That's right.

**Adam**: But back to our dialogue, Max says, "They send everything quickly."

**Lisa**: Can we say they send quickly everything?

**Adam**: Oh, yeah, that's a good question. Adverbs like quickly are after the noun or the object, the thing.

**Lisa**: Yes, so they send everything quickly. He told her slowly.

**Adam**: Right, it's not "He told slowly her."

**Lisa**: No, no, no, no, no. He told her slowly. Okay, guys, we still have a lot more examples here. So please look at grammar section. Right now, let's listen to the dialogue.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hey Max, where did you get those shoes? They look great! `嗨，Max，你从哪买到这些鞋？看起来不错！`

**B**: Oh, I got them online. They were 25% off. `哦，我从网上买的。打了 75 折。`

**A**: Nice. Shopping online is so much cheaper. `真好。线上购物能便宜很多钱。`

**B**: Yeah, they send everything quickly too. `是的，所有商品他们也都配送得很快。`

**A**: Right! It's so convenient. I buy most things online. `是的！非常方便。我大部分东西都是网上买的。`

**B**: Me too, like clothes, food and my phone! `我也是，比如说衣服、食品，还有我的手机！`

**A**: But sometimes the products are really different from the pictures. `但是有时候，商品和图片非常不符。`

**B**: True, but you can always return them. `的确如此，但是通常你都可以退货。`

------

**Lisa**: Okay, we are back. So we want to know, hey, do you guys shop online?

**Adam**: That's right. Where do you shop online?

**Lisa**: Yeah, did you find any good sales?

**Adam**: And is everything convenient?

**Lisa**: Yeah, and were the products different from the pictures?

**Adam**: I have a story about that. I will not tell the story now, because we want to hear your stories.

**Lisa**: That's right. So please leave us a comment or ask a question, and we will look forward to reading them.

**Adam**: Okay, guys, as always, thank you for listening and we'll see you next time.

**Lisa**: Yep, see you then.