---
layout:     post
title:      "Shopping at a mall"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-10 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 购物时尚




---



# Shopping at a mall

> 商场购物如何向店员表达自己的需求？询问东西在哪怎么说？尺码大小怎么说？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 9 个词汇**

| 词汇          | 翻译           |
| ------------- | -------------- |
| looking for   | phr.寻找       |
| jacket        | n.夹克衫       |
| follow        | v.跟着         |
| sizes         | n.尺码，号     |
| small         | n.小号         |
| extra small   | n.超小号       |
| try on        | phr.试穿       |
| comfortable   | adj.舒服自在的 |
| changing room | n.更衣室       |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Lisa**: Hey, guys. Welcome back to OpenLanguage. This is Lisa.

**Adam**: And this is Adam.

**Lisa**: And you are listening to an A2 lesson. Today we are shopping, but where are we shopping?

**Adam**: We are shopping at the mall.

**Lisa**: Right. "Mall" is just a big building with lots of stores. When I travel, I aways shop.

**Adam**: Oh, you are such a lady. Ladies love shopping.

**Lisa**: Well, some guys do, too.

**Adam**: That's ture, that's true. So today we are learning how to ask for things at the store and how to tell the salesperson`n.售货员` what we want.

**Lisa**: Right. So in today's dialogue, we have our salesperson, Jim and the customer, Karen. Now, let's listen to the dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hi, there. Can I help you find anything? `您好，需要我帮你找点什么吗？`

**B**: Yes, I'm looking for a long jacket. `嗯，我想买件长款夹克。`

**A**: Follow me. They're over here, next to the shirts. `跟我来吧。长款夹克在这儿，衬衫旁边。`

**B**: Hmm... I like the black one, but do you have any smaller sizes? `嗯，我喜欢这件黑色的，你们有小点儿的吗？`

**A**: We do. Would you like a small or an extra small? `有点。您是想要小号还是特小号呢？`

**B**: I'll try on both, but the small might be more comfortable. `我都试一下吧，可能小号会更舒服点。`

**A**: Sure. The changing room is over there. `好的。更衣室在那边。`

**B**: Great. I'll go try them on now. `好。那我现在就去试一下。`



## 03.对话精讲

**Lisa**: Okay, we are back. So we just heard the dialogue, and it starts with the salesperson, Jim. He says, "Hi, there. Can I help you find anything?"

**Adam**: Right, and this is a phrase`n.短语` you will always hear at the mall, in the store. 

**Lisa**: Yeah, it could be any store, really. Clothing stores, a supermarket.

**Adam**: That's right. So the person that works there, the salesperson, will often say, "Hi, can I help you find anything?"

> looking for `phr.寻找`

**Lisa**: And Karen here says, "Yes, I'm looking for a long jacket."

**Adam**: Okay, so "I'm looking for..." It really just means "I want."

**Lisa**: Yes, I am trying to find this, right? So you could say, "I'm looking for a black dress`n.连衣裙；女装`."

**Adam**: I'm looking for a beautiful wife.

**Lisa**: Yes, so you can use it for a thing, a person or even a place.

**Adam**: That's right. I'm looking for a place to relax.

**Lisa**: Yeah. Or I'm just looking for the bathroom`n.浴室；厕所`.

**Adam**: Yes, I am always just looking for the bathroom.

> jacket `n.夹克衫`

**Lisa**: Okay, but here she is looking for a long jacket.

**Adam**: Okay, so a jacket is a piece of clothing.

**Lisa**: Yeah, it just keeps you warm. You wear it on top of your sweater`n.毛线衣，运动衫`.

**Adam**: So it can be short, like in the fall, we might wear a short jacket or in the winter, we might wear a long jacket.

**Lisa**: Yeah, a really big long jacket. But we also have another very similar`adj.相似度` word, "coats`n.外套（coat 的复数）`."

**Adam**: Ah, yes, coats! So when I think about coats, I think about something that you wear when it's really cold.

**Lisa**: Yeah, they're usually longer and well, nicer?

> follow `v.跟着`

**Adam**: Yeah, they can be, they can be. Anyway, Jim here, he sounds like a great salesperson, and he says, "Follow me."

**Lisa**: Yeah, "follow me" just means "come with me."

**Adam**: Right.

**Lisa**: I will show you.

**Adam**: Right, exactly. And so the jackets are over here next to the shirts.

**Lisa**: Right, so after someones says "follow me," they will show you to where the shirts or the jackets are. They're over here next to something.

**Adam**: Okay. So Karen looks at these jackets and she sees one that she likes.

> sizes `n.尺码，号`

**Lisa**: Yeah, but there's a problem, so she asks this question, "Do you have any smaller sizes?"

**Adam**: Okay, so "sizes," this is all about how big something is.

> small `n.小号`

**Lisa**: Yes, so, small, medium, large, these are all sizes.

**Adam**: That's right. And they could be sizes of clothes like jackets, or they can be sizes of coffee cups at Starbucks.

**Lisa**: Yeah, exactly. And when you're buying clothes, sometimes it's not right sizes. You need a different size, and here she needs a smaller size. Now, this just means it's more small.

**Adam**: It's more small.

**Lisa**: But we don't say that. So this is actually`adv.实际上；事实上` goint to be our grammar point for today, "smaller." But we will talk about that later.

**Adam**: Okay, so do they have any smaller sizes?

> extra small `n.超小号`	

**Lisa**: They do. So Jim asks her, "Would you like a small or an extra small?"

**Adam**: Oh, wow! Okay, so Karen is maybe not a very big person.

**Lisa**: No, she's probably a very small person.

**Adam**: Okay, that's good, because a small person can wear a small size.

**Lisa**: Yes. Now here, we say "a" because really we're talking about "a small shirt."

**Adam**: Right, right.

**Lisa**: A small jacket.

**Adam**: Sure, sure. Or like we see a few seconds later, an extra small.

**Lisa**: Yes, so this is really small.

**Adam**: Yeah, it is.

**Lisa**: So, like normally`adv.正常地；通常的；一般地` on the shirt you see XS.

**Adam**: That's right, that's right. So extra is spelled E-X-T-R-A. But on the shirt, like Lisa says, we often just see X.

**Lisa**: Yesh, it just means "more."

**Adam**: More small, exactly. We also have XL.

**Lisa**: Yeah, extra large.

**Adam**: Extra large.

**Lisa**: And we also have extra, extra large(XXL).

**Adam**: Yes, this is for our American friends who like to eat a lot fo food.

**Lisa**: That's true. Okay, but here she is a small person, so she can fit a small or an extra small.

**Adam**: Uh-huh. But before she buys a shirt, she needs to do something else.

> try on `phr.试穿`

**Lisa**: Yeah, she has to try them on. So here she doesn't know what size is good, so she says, "I'll try on both."

**Adam**: And of course, "try on" is a phrase that you can use with any types of clothing.

**Lisa**: Yeah, it just means that you are trying it by puting it on.

**Adam**: Ah, that's a really good point. So every day, most of us, I guess, put on clothes. But we don't really say "try them on" in the morning, because we've already tried them on. We know that we liked them.

**Lisa**: Exactly, so when you try something on, you put it on, you look in the mirror`n.镜子` and you say I like it or don't like it.

**Adam**: I'm so beautiful. I'm so beautifu. Now what's really important about this phrase is we can say "try on a jacket." We can also say "try it on."

**Lisa**: Yeah, but we can't say "try on it."

**Adam**: Right, right. Kind of silly`adj.愚蠢的；不明事理的；没头脑的` . I don't really know why, but just remember that, guys, that is the rule.

> comfortable `adj.舒服自在的`

**Lisa**: Yes, okay, but she's going to try on both, but the small might be more comfortable.

**Adam**: Okay, so "comfortable," this is a really long word that some people have problems saying.

**Lisa**: Yeah, we usually just say comfortable.

**Adam**: Comfortable.

**Lisa**: And what does it mean?

**Adam**: It just means: Oh, this feels so good!

**Lisa**: Yeah, like a big sweater is comfortable.

**Adam**: Right, in the winter. A big sweater is not comfortable in the summer.

> changing room `n.更衣室`

**Lisa**: Yeah, it's uncomfortable. Okay, "but a small might be more comfortable," so the salesperson says, "Sure, the changing room is over there`adv.在那里；在那边；在那点上`."

**Adam**: Okay, so the changing room is another room that you will find in stores in the mall.

**Lisa**: Yeah, it's where you change your clothes.

**Adam**: Right, right. Now some people say "changing room." Some people say "change room." They're the same thing.

**Lisa**: They are. Now, sometimes you can't find the changing room, right? So you can ask the person: "Where is the changing room?" or "Where is the change room?"

**Adam**: Right, right. Okay, well, it looks like Karen is going to the changing room. Maybe Jim is going to make some money today. But before we listen to our dialogue again, why don't we talk today's grammar point?

**Lisa**: All right. So in today's dialogue, Karen said, "Do you have smaller sizes?"

**Adam**: Right, and Lisa asked a very good question before, about can we say "more small."

**Lisa**: Right, we can't.

**Adam**: No, we have to say smaller.

**Lisa**: Yeah, like a medium shirt is smaller than a large shirt.

**Adam**: Lisa is smaller than Adam.

**Lisa**: Yes. Same with bigger`adj.更大的（big 的比较级）`, right? We just add "er" to the end of the adjective.

**Adam**: Right, bigger, warmer`adj.更加温暖的（warm 的比较级）`, colder`adj.更冷的（cold 的比较级）`, older`adj.年长的（old 的比较级）`.

**Lisa**: Newwer`adj.更新的（new 的比较级）`.

**Adam**: Ah, yes. Or sometimes you will even see "ier." I will put that at the end of words like "happy" or "angry."

**Lisa**: Yeah, they end in a "y."

**Adam**: Right. So the "y" changes to an "i" and then we add "er."

**Lisa**: Yeah, happier`adj.更快乐的`, angrier`adj.生气的；愤怒的；狂暴的`. Okay, let's look at some more examples. I want a warmer jacket.

**Adam**: Let's buy the cheaper`adj.成本更低，比较便宜的` phone.

**Lisa**: She is happier at her new job.

**Adam**: Ah, yes. And like Lisa said, we use "than" when we comare two things.

**Lisa**: Yeah. So A is bigger than B. A is older than B.

**Adam**: Right, like Adam is older than Lisa.

**Lisa**: Yeah, that's right!

**Adam**: That's ture. Just remember that pattern. It's not "A than B bigger." It's "A is bigger than B."

**Lisa**: Yes, okay. But later, later, Karen says, "The small might be more comfortable." Why does she use "more"?

**Adam**: Because "comfortable" is a long word. It's a longer word.

**Lisa**: Yes.

**Adam**: It's a long word, so we use "more" with nouns like "I want more food" of course, but also with these longer adjectives like "more expensive."

**Lisa**: Yeah, we don't say "comfortabler."

**Adam**: "Comfortabler."

**Lisa**: Or like "expensiver."

**Adam**: It's "expensiver," right?

**Lisa**: It just sounds bad, right?

**Adam**: Uh-huh, and it's kind of hard to say, too. So we just say "more comfortable." This shirt is more comfortable than that shirt.

**Lisa**: Yeah, the shirt is more expensive.

**Adam**: Uh-huh, more important.

**Lisa**: Yeah, that's right, but don't worry too much about this. Just try to remember by looking at the examples. And if you say "more small," it's okay, people will understand.

**Adam**: Right, okay, guys, that is the end of our grammar section for today. So, let's listen to that dialogue one more time!

**Lisa**: Okay.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hi, there. Can I help you find anything? `您好，需要我帮你找点什么吗？`

**B**: Yes, I'm looking for a long jacket. `嗯，我想买件长款夹克。`

**A**: Follow me. They're over here, next to the shirts. `跟我来吧。长款夹克在这儿，衬衫旁边。`

**B**: Hmm... I like the black one, but do you have any smaller sizes? `嗯，我喜欢这件黑色的，你们有小点儿的吗？`

**A**: We do. Would you like a small or an extra small? `有点。您是想要小号还是特小号呢？`

**B**: I'll try on both, but the small might be more comfortable. `我都试一下吧，可能小号会更舒服点。`

**A**: Sure. The changing room is over there. `好的。更衣室在那边。`

**B**: Great. I'll go try them on now. `好。那我现在就去试一下。`

------

**Lisa**: Okay, we are back, so we have a lot of good phrases and words for shopping at the mall, right?

**Adam**: Right. So whenerver you go into a store in the shopping mall, you will hear, "Can I help you find anything?"

**Lisa**: Yeah, you can say, "I am looking for..." I am looking for a dress. I'm looking for a shirt.

**Adam**: That's right and you will always hear "something is over here" or "something is over there."

**Lisa**: Yeah, exactly, right? And if you need a different size, I could say, "Do you have a smaller size?" "Do you have a larger size?"

**Adam**: That's right, do you have a more comfortable size?

**Lisa**: That's right, okay. But what about you guys? What do you like to shop for? Let us know in a comment and we'll look forward to reading them.

**Adam**: Okay, guys, as always, thank you for listening and we'll see you next time.

**Lisa**: Yep, see you then.