---
layout:     post
title:      "Dinner at home"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-06-24 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 基本社交




---



# Dinner at home

> 在家吃晚饭是再幸福不过的事了！如何询问对方对晚餐的意见？以及最重要的，谁来洗碗呢？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 8 个词汇**

| 词汇          | 翻译       |
| ------------- | ---------- |
| wine          | n.葡萄酒   |
| bit           | n.一点     |
| chicken       | n.鸡肉     |
| pasta         | n.意大利面 |
| full          | adj.吃饱的 |
| do the dishes | phr.洗餐具 |
| dessert       | n.甜点     |
| ice cream     | n.冰淇淋   |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Johnny**: Hi everyone, welcomet to OpenLanguage. This is our host Johnny.

**Lisa**: And this is Lisa.

**Johnny**: And today we have an A2 lesson called "Dinner at home."

**Lisa**: That's right, so dinner is the last meal`n.一餐；一顿饭` of the day and also my favorite meal.

**Johnny**: I agree and when we have dinner at home, we eat dinner in our house, maybe with some family and friends or maybe by ourselves.

**Lisa**: Okay, so today we are listening to a dialogue between Lucy and Josh. And they are having dinner at home.

**Johnny**: Great, but before we listen to that, let's listen to today's vocabulary.

**Lisa**: wine

**Lisa**: bit

**Lisa**: chicken

**Lisa**: pasta

**Lisa**: full

**Lisa**: do the dishes

**Lisa**: dessert

**Lisa**: ice cream

**Johnny**: Okay, this time, let's repeat after Lisa.

**Lisa**: wine

**Johnny**: wine

**Lisa**: bit

**Johnny**: bit

**Lisa**: chicken

**Johnny**: chicken

**Lisa**: pasta

**Johnny**: pasta

**Lisa**: full

**Johnny**: full

**Lisa**: do the dishes

**Johnny**: do the dishes

**Lisa**: dessert

**Johnny**: dessert

**Lisa**: ice cream

**Johnny**: ice cream

**Lisa**: Okay, now, let's listen to the dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Honey, thanks for cooking. That dinner was amazing. `亲爱的，谢谢你做饭。晚餐真的很好吃。`

**B**: Aw, thanks. Would you like some more wine? `啊，谢谢。你想再来点葡萄酒吗？`

**A**: Yeah, sure. I'll have a little bit, please. `嗯，当然。我想再来一点。`

**B**: There's more chicken and pasta, too. Do you want some? `这还有一些鸡肉和意大利面。你想来点吗？`

**A**: No, thanks. I'm already full. `不，谢谢。我已经饱了。`

**B**: OK. If you're finished eating, can you do the dishes? `好的，你吃完饭的话，能把碗洗了吗？`

**A**: Ummm, do we have any dessert? Ice cream perhaps? `嗯，我们还有甜点吗？比如冰淇淋？`

**B**: I thought you were finished eating! `我以为你吃好了！`



## 03.对话精讲

**Johnny**: Okay, so we just listen to our dialogue and it starts with Josh saying, "Honey, thanks for cooking. That dinner was amazing."

**Lisa**: Awww, calling your wife or husband "honey" is a great way to show your love.

**Johnny**: Right, so we use honey with the people that are close to us, like our girlfriend, boyfriend or our child.

**Lisa**: That's right, not with a stanger`n.陌生人；外地人`. Okay, but how was the dinner.

**Johnny**: Well, the dinner was amazing, so Lucy must be a good cook.

> wine `n.葡萄酒`

**Lisa**: Yeah, and Lucy says, "Aw, thanks. Would you like some more wine?"

**Johnny**: Okay, so wine is a drink with alcohol`n.酒精，乙醇` that's made from grapes`n.葡萄`. There is red wine, white wine.

**Lisa**: Lots of people in North`adj.北方的` America like to drink a glass of wine or a cup of beer with dinner.

**Johnny**: Yeah, and this is a great question to ask at dinner, "Would like some more wine?"

**Lisa**: Yeah, so we often use "would you like?" when we are giving people food. For example, would you like some more soup?

**Johnny**: Yes, please. Or we could say, "Would you like some more rice?"

**Lisa**: That's right. Okay, now wine is a noun`n.名词` , so why don't we say would you like some more wines or would you like a wine?

**Johnny**: Good question. Wine is an uncountable`adj.无数的；不可数的` noun, so we don't add "-s" when we use it.

**Lisa**: Okay, and uncountable nous are our grammar point for today. So we'll talk about that later.

> bit `n.一点`

**Johnny**: Sounds good. Okay, let's look at Josh's answer. He says, "Yeah, sure. I'll have a little bit, please."

**Lisa**: Okay, so he wants a little and this means you don't want a lot.

**Johnny**: Great, so I can say, "Hey Lisa, would you like some coffee?"

**Lisa**: And I can say, "Sure, I'll have a little."

**Johnny**: But there's more than one way to answer, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, I can also say, "Sure, I'll have a little bit." or "Sure, I'll have a bit."

**Johnny**: And they all mean the same thing, right?

**Lisa**: Exactly. So you can answer with "a little,"  "a little bit" or "a bit." They all mean the same thing.

**Johnny**: Great, okay so let's look at this word, "bit." What does "a bit" mean?

**Lisa**: It just means a small piece`n.块；件` of something.

**Johnny**: Okay, so I can say, "Lisa, would you like half this cake?"

**Lisa**: No, thanks. I'll just have a bit. Or "Hey Johnny, do you want some more coke`n.可口可乐`?"

**Johnny**: Sure, I'll have a bit.

**Lisa**: And when there is a noun after, we say "a bit of somethig."

**Johnny**: Yeah, like, "Lisa, would you like a bit of ice cream?"

**Lisa**: Yeah, or I can say, "I have a bit`adj,很小的；微不足道的` of money."

**Johnny**: That's like two or three dollars.

**Lisa**: Yeah, okay. So Josh wants a little bit of wine, but what does Lucy say next?

> chicken `n.鸡肉`

**Johnny**: Lucy says, "There's more chicken and pasta, too. Do you want some?"

**Lisa**: Okay, so pasta is an Italian`adj.意大利队` food and we often eat it for dinner.

**Johnny**: That's right, it's made with noodles and comes with a sauce`n.酱油；沙司；调味汁`.

> pasta `n.意大利面`

**Lisa**: Yeah, I think the most famous pasta is spaghetti`n.意大利细面条`.  It has noodles and a red tomato`n.番茄，西红柿` sauce.

**Johnny**: Yeah, and you can say /ˈpɑːstə/ or /ˈpæstə/. It really doesn't matter.

**Lisa**: Yeah, no one will be confused`adj.困惑的；混乱的；糊涂的`. Now. I love pasta. What about you?

> full `adj.吃饱的`

**Johnny**: It's great, but it always makes me really full.

**Lisa**: Same. And Josh says that he's full too, right? He says, "No thanks, I'm already full."

**Johnny**: Okay, so I'm happy we mention`vt.提到，谈到` "full" before because we can see Josh's full and this just means he's had enough to eat. 

**Lisa**: Yeah, he's eaten so much that he can't eat anymore.

**Johnny**: Yeah, so "full" means there's no more space. You can't add more.

**Lisa**: Yeah, there's no space in your stomach`n.胃；腹部`, right? So if we eat too much, then we are full, but other things can be full too.

**Johnny**: Yeah. For example, a restaurant can be full and this means there's no more seats.

**Lisa**: Yeah, or a train can be full, so you have to take the next train.

> do the dishes `phr.洗餐具`

**Johnny**: All right, so if you are full, that means you are finished eating and that's what Lucy says here. She says, "Okay, if you're finished eating, can you do the dishes?"

**Lisa**: All right. So "do the dishes," this just means clean the dishes.

**Johnny**: So we have to clean the plates`n.盘子`, cups, knives`n.刀子`, forks`n.叉子`. Maybe we also need to clean the pots and pans.

**Lisa**: Yeah, those are all called dishes. Now at home, sometimes I say, "You cook and I'll do the dishes."

**Johnny**: Yeah, or if you don't want to do the dishes, you can say, "it's your turn to do the dishes."

**Lisa**: Yeah, so this means you did the dishes before and now the other person has to do it, right? It's their turn. It's your turn.

**Johnny**: Right, but if you are lucky, you have a dishwasher`n.洗碗工；洗碟机`

**Lisa**: And this is a machine that cleans dishes.

**Johnny**: Right, and those are very nice to have. You can just relax after dinner instead of doing the dishes.

**Lisa**: Very ture. Okay, now it looks like Josh doesn't want to clean the dishes yet.

> dessert `n.甜点`

**Johnny**: Yeah, that's right beacuse he says, "Humm, do we have any dessert? Ice cream, perhaps?"

**Lisa**: Yes, so he's making an excuse`n.借口；理由`. right? It looks like he's not full anymore, so he wants some dessert.

**Johnny**: Yeah, so what is dessert?

**Lisa**: Dessert is something sweet. We eat it after dinner, like cake or fruit.

**Johnny**: Okay, and it's spelled D-E-S-S-E-R-T.

**Lisa**: Yes, so "ss" here. Now let's look at the pronunciation`n.发音；读法`, so the pronunciation is dessert, dessert /dɪˈzɝː/.

**Johnny**: Right, not dessert  /ˈdezɚt/.

> ice cream `n.冰淇淋`

**Lisa**: Right, because a "desert" with "s" is a dry place, and dessert with "ss" is like cake or ice cream.

**Johnny**: Humm, okay, so desserts are sweet and delicious, and after dinner people usually ask, "Would you like some dessert?" or "Would you like a bit of dessert?"

**Lisa**: Yeah, and you can answer, "Yeah, I'll have a liitle bit." or "Sure, give me a bit."

**Johnny**: All right, and one of my favorite desserts is ice cream an ice cream is a cold dessert. We have it in the summer and there's many kinds of ice cream, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, there's chocolate`n.巧克力，巧克力糖` ice cream, stawberry`n.草莓` ice cream and vanilla`n.香草` ice cream.

**Johnny**: Yeah, and Josh doesn't want to do the dishes, so he asks if there's any dessert.

**Lisa**: But his wife says, "I thought you were finished eating!"

**Johnny**: I guess not.

**Lisa**: That's right, okay, but that is the end of out dialogue. So let's look at the grammar.

**Johnny**: All right in today's dialogue, Lucy said, "would you like some more wine?"

**Lisa**: So words like wine, rice and milk are all uncountable nouns.

**Johnny**: Uncountable nouns. These are hard to count, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, and you can't use "a" or "an" in front.

**Johnny**: Okay, so can I say I want a wine?

**Lisa**: No. You have to say, "I want some wine."

**Johnny**: Right, we use words like "some," "a lot," "any" or "a bit" with uncountable nouns, and a lot of words for food are uncountable.

**Lisa**: Let's give some more examples.

**Johnny**: Okay. "I don't want any rice."

**Lisa**: Or "would you like some milk with your coffee?"

**Johnny**: No milk, please. But I'd like a bit of sugar.

**Lisa**: Right, I can't say "I'd like a bit of sugars."

**Johnny**: No, no, no, no. We can't add "s" to the end of an uncountable noun.

**Lisa**: So just remember: We can't use "a" or "an", and we can't add "s."

**Johnny**: All right, we still have some more examples for you today.  So please look at the grammar.

**Lisa**: Okay, now, let's listen to the dialogue.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Honey, thanks for cooking. That dinner was amazing. `亲爱的，谢谢你做饭。晚餐真的很好吃。`

**B**: Aw, thanks. Would you like some more wine? `啊，谢谢。你想再来点葡萄酒吗？`

**A**: Yeah, sure. I'll have a little bit, please. `嗯，当然。我想再来一点。`

**B**: There's more chicken and pasta, too. Do you want some? `这还有一些鸡肉和意大利面。你想来点吗？`

**A**: No, thanks. I'm already full. `不，谢谢。我已经饱了。`

**B**: OK. If you're finished eating, can you do the dishes? `好的，你吃完饭的话，能把碗洗了吗？`

**A**: Ummm, do we have any dessert? Ice cream perhaps? `嗯，我们还有甜点吗？比如冰淇淋？`

**B**: I thought you were finished eating! `我以为你吃好了！`

------

**Johnny**: Okay, and we are back, so what do you usually cook at home, Lisa?

**Lisa**: I usually cook o bit of pasta, maybe some meat like beef or chicken.

**Johnny**: Do you ever have any wine?

**Lisa**: Yeah, maybe a little bit, but I mostly just have dessert because I have a sweet tooth`n.牙齿`.

**Johnny**: You really do. you love sweet foods like desserts.

**Lisa**: I do. Okay, but enough about me. What about you guys? What do you usually for dinner?

**Johnny**: Yeah, leave a comment or ask a question and we'll talk to you next time.

**Lisa**: Thanks for listening. Bye for now.

















