---
layout:     post
title:      "Showing a friend around Beijing"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-14 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 休闲娱乐




---



# Showing a friend around Beijing

> 朋友出来乍到你要怎么介绍你的城市呢？怎么制定游玩计划？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 8 个词汇**

| 词汇           | 翻译               |
| -------------- | ------------------ |
| excited        | adj.激动的         |
| famous         | adj.有名的         |
| Forbidden City | n.紫禁城           |
| delicious      | adj.美味的，可口的 |
| street food    | n.街边小吃         |
| tours          | n.旅行             |
| Great Wall     | n.长城             |
| easiest        | adj.最简单的       |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Adam**: Hey, guys! Welcome back to OpenLanguage. This is Adam.

**Connor**: And this is Connor.

**Adam**:  And today we have an A2 lesson called "Showing a friend around Beijing."

**Connor**: That's right. Jeff has just arrived`v.抵达，抵港（arrive 的过去式）` in Beijing and his friend Linda is going to show him around.

**Adam**: Okay. So if someone shows you around, it means that you're in a new place and someone is going to take you to all of the good, all of the fun or all of the important places.

**Connor**: That's right. Yeah, and you can show people around in a city like today's  lesson. Or you can show people around at work.

**Adam**: That's right. So Linda is showing Jeff around the city. Now, let's listen to the dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Welcome to Beijing, Jeff! I'm so excited you're here! `欢迎来到北京，Jeff。你来到这我很激动！`

**B**: Thanks Linda! What are we goint to do? `谢谢你，Linda! 我们要做什么呢？`

**A**: Well, we can go to some of the most famous places like the Forbidden City! `嗯，我们可以去一些最出名的地方，比如说紫禁城。`

**B**: That sounds really fun! `那听起来真有趣！`

**A**: And Beijing has the most delicious street food, and the most interesting tours. `而且北京有最美味的街边小吃和最有趣的旅行。`

**B**: Great. I'd really like to see the Great Wall too. `太棒了。我真的也想看看长城。`

**A**: No problem. We can take a bus there. It's the easiest way. `没问题。我们可以坐公交去那儿。这是最简便的方式。`



## 03.对话精讲

**Connor**: Okay, we just heard that dialogue between Linda and Jeff. It starts with Linda. She says "Welcome to Beijing, Jeff! I'm so excited you're here!"

> excited `adj.激动的` 

**Adam**: Okay, so "excited," what a great word! I'm so excited to talk about the word "excited."

**Connor**: Yeah, it means really really happy.

**Adam**: Yes, yes, that's right. So you can be excited to do something, like I'm so excited to go shopping.

**Connor**: Oh, I'm so excited to go traveling.

**Adam**: Ah, yes. Or you can be excited about something. "I'm excited about my new job."

**Connor**: Oh, that is very exciting news.

**Adam**: Ah, okay, you read my mind. So "excited" and "exciting" are both adjectives, and they both mean something about really happy.

**Connor**: Exactly.

**Adam**: But they're a little bit different.

**Connor**: That's right. "Excited" is your feeling, but "exciting" is a thing.

**Adam**: Right. So if a thing is exciting like maybe a movie, then it will make you feel exicted.

**Connor**: Uh-huh, yeah. I'm excited to see the exciting movie.

**Adam**: Right, right, right. Okay, so it sounds like Jeff is also excited. He says, "Thanks Linda! What are we going to do?"

**Connor**: Well, Linda is going to go to some of the most famous places, like the Forbidden City.

> famous `adj.有名的`

**Adam**: Okay, so famous. "Famous" means everybody knows this thing or this person.

**Connor**: Yeah, like London is a famous city.

**Adam**: Right, Shakespeare`n.莎士比亚` was a famous author.

**Connor**: Yeah, or Baijiu is a famous Chinese drink.

**Adam**: Oh, yes, very famous. Now, remember with this word, you can be famous, which is great, but you can also become famous.

**Connor**: Yes, and the Forbidden City has become very famous.

**Adam**: Yes, it is very old and sometimes`adv.有时，间或` old things are very famous.

**Connor**: Uh-huh, yes.

> Forbidden City `n.紫禁城`

**Adam**: Now, "forbidden," this is a very big word. "Forbidden City" is a little bit longer. It's much easier just to  say "Gu Gong,"  but of course, not all foreigners will understand that, so you need to be able to say "Forbidden City." And "forbidden" just means you're not allowed to do something or to go somewhere.

**Connor**: Yes, so "Forbidden City" means you can't go there.

**Adam**: Can't go in.

**Connor**: But actually it's famous and we can go there.

> delicious `adj.美味的，可口的`

**Adam**: Yes, yes, yes, and it's really fun, too. And Jeff knows that, but Linda has more ideas.

**Connor**: She says, "Beijing has the most delicious street food."

**Adam**: Let's start with "delicious" because this word is so important in China, because you guys have so much delicious food.

**Connor**: Yeah, it means the taste is very good, you like to eat it.

**Adam**: You like to eat it. That's right! So you have a delicious hamburger; you can have a delicious salad, or you can get some delicious street food.

> street food `n.街边小吃`

**Connor**: Yeah, so "street food" is food on the street.

**Adam**: Well, it's not on the street. It's not on the ground. It's food that you can buy on the street.

**Connor**: Yeah, the people sell it on the street and it's usually cheap and really delicious.

**Adam**: Pretty delicious, yeah. And China has a lot of delicious food. It also has a lot of delicious street food.

**Connor**: Yeah, in America, street is like hot dogs.

**Adam**: We don't have a lot of street food here, so you guys should be very happy. Now, one more great thing about Beijing, Linda says, "It has the most interesting tours."

**Connor**: Okay, so "interesting" just means fun.

**Adam**: It does, but it's a little bit different, right? "Interesting" makes me go "hmm;" "fun" makes me go "haha, whoo. This is fun."

**Connor**: Yeah, yeah, that's right!

**Adam**: Like a book for me is interesting, I leared something "Oh...." But then, if I go play with my friends somewhere at a KTV, I.... "Whoo, this is fun!"

**Connor**: Yeah, a roller coster is not interesting. It's fun.

> tours `n.旅行`

**Adam**: It's fun. So tours, tours can be fun, but usually tours are interesting!

**Connor**: That's right, because you can learn a lot of things on a tour.

**Adam**: Yes, so a tour is when you visit many places in a short time.

**Connor**: For example, the Forbbiden City, and there are so many other places in Beijing to visit.

**Adam**: Right, right. So with this word "tour" we always say "go on a tour." You can say "go on a tour of a place, of Beijing."

**Connor**: Yeah, you can say "I'm touring," but we don't usually say that.

**Adam**: Right. "Go on a tour" is pretty common.

**Connor**: One really important place to go on a tour is at the Great Wall.

> Great Wall `n.长城`

**Adam**: The Great Wall. Okay, so when I was very very young, someone told me there was a place called China. And I thought, wow, that sounds like an interesting place, and then they told me it has a Great Wall. In English, we don't call it "the Long Wall." We call it "the Great Wall."

**Connor**: Because it's very great. It's very good!

**Adam**: It is. And Linda says, "No problem. We can take a bus there. It's the easiest way."

> easiest `adj.最简单的`

**Connor**: Yes. So "easiest" here it's from the word "easy," but "easiest" is like really really easy.

**Adam**: Yes.

**Connor**: And that bring us to our grammar point today.

**Adam**: Okay, guys, our grammar point for today is all of these phrases: The most interesting, the most famous, the most delicious, the easiest, all of these adjectives. We even said the longest, the greatest.

**Connor**: That's right.

**Adam**: So these are all examples of adjectives that we use all of the time. If I say something is the easiest, the nothing can be easier.

**Connor**: That's right. Yes, in the dialogue today we saw the sentence "Taking a bus is the easiest way." So there is no easier way. The bus is the best.

**Adam**: Right. So maybe walking there is easy; taking a taxi is easier. We talked about "easier" before and maybe taking the bus is the easiest way.

**Connor**: That's right. Yeah, it's the best way. We also always say "the " before saying this word, so let's look at some examples. For example, the tallest`adj.最高的` man.

**Adam**: Right, the biggest`adj.最大的（big 的最高级）` problem.

**Connor**: Or if you're shopping, the cheapest`adj.最便宜的（cheap 的最高级形式）` jacket in the store.	

**Adam**: Okay, so that's "-est." It usually goes after smaller or shorter words, but some words, some adjectives are longer. And we saw some of those in today's dialogue. For example, interesting.

**Connor**: Delicious.

**Adam**: Famous.

**Connor**: Yeah, yeah, those are long words so we can't say "-est."

**Adam**: Right. "Famousest."

**Connor**: No, no, no.

**Adam**: "Interestingest."

**Connor**: Eh, no, no, no.

**Adam**: The most interesting and the most famous.

**Connor**: Yeah, or some other examples? If you're talking about a really expensive car, maybe it's the most expensive car.

**Adam**: Ah, yes, but I don't care about money. I only care about beautiful things, like the most beautiful flower.

**Connor**: And I only care about the most exciting movie.

**Adam**: Whoo, you like to feel excited. That's okay. Okay. Well, that brings us to the end of our grammar point for today. Make sure to look at the app for some more examples. And now, let's listen to the dialogue one more time.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Welcome to Beijing, Jeff! I'm so excited you're here! `欢迎来到北京，Jeff。你来到这我很激动！`

**B**: Thanks Linda! What are we goint to do? `谢谢你，Linda! 我们要做什么呢？`

**A**: Well, we can go to some of the most famous places like the Forbidden City! `嗯，我们可以去一些最出名的地方，比如说紫禁城。`

**B**: That sounds really fun! `那听起来真有趣！`

**A**: And Beijing has the most delicious street food, and the most interesting tours. `而且北京有最美味的街边小吃和最有趣的旅行。`

**B**: Great. I'd really like to see the Great Wall too. `太棒了。我真的也想看看长城。`

**A**: No problem. We can take a bus there. It's the easiest way. `没问题。我们可以坐公交去那儿。这是最简便的方式。`

------

**Connor**: Okay, we heard that dialogue again. Adam, have you been to Beijing?

**Adam**: I have, but no one has ever shown me around.

**Connor**: Ah, yeah, You need a local to show you the best places.

**Adam**: Right, and the easiest way to get those places.

**Connor**: Exactly. What about you guys? Have you been to Beijing? And did somone show you around?

**Adam**: Right. Or if you're from Beijing, have you ever show a friend around?

**Connor**: Ask a question or leave a comment, and we'll talk to you next time.

**Adam**: Okay. Bye, guys.