---
layout:     post
title:      "A party invitation"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-06-25 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 基本社交




---



# A party invitation

> 收到生日派对的邀请简直太开心了！但是有日程冲突怎么办？如何礼貌地拒绝？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 8 个词汇**

| 词汇           | 翻译                   |
| -------------- | ---------------------- |
| Happy birthday | phr.生日快乐           |
| party          | n.派对，聚会           |
| chicken        | v.看一下               |
| pasta          | n.日历，时间表         |
| full           | adj.忙                 |
| do the dishes  | phr.太糟糕了，太遗憾了 |
| dessert        | v.邀请                 |
| miss           | v.想念                 |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Johnny**: Hi, every one welcome back to OpenLanguage. This is your host Johnny.

**Lisa**: This is Lisa.

**Johnny**: Today we have an A2 lesson called "A party invitation."

**Lisa**: So when you have a party you need to invite people.

**Johnny**: Yeah, ask people to come.

**Lisa**: Today we have a dialogue with two friends, Steve and Mike.

**Johnny**: Mike invites Steve to his birthday party.

**Lisa**: So in this lesson we learn to say "No" politely when people invite us.

**Johnny**: Okay, but before we listen to the dialogue, let's listen to the vocabulary.

**Lisa**: happy birthday

**Lisa**: party

**Lisa**: check

**Lisa**: calendar

**Lisa**: busy

**Lisa**: too bad

**Lisa**: inviting

**Lisa**: miss

**Johnny**: Okay, now repeart after Lisa.

**Lisa**: happy birthday

**Johnny**:  happy birthday

**Lisa**: party

**Johnny**: party

**Lisa**: check

**Johnny**: check

**Lisa**: calendar

**Johnny**: calendar

**Lisa**: busy

**Johnny**: busy

**Lisa**: too bad

**Johnny**: too bad

**Lisa**: inviting

**Johnny**: inviting

**Lisa**: miss

**Johnny**: miss

**Lisa**: Okay, now, let's listen to the dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hey, Mike. Happy birthday! `嘿，Mike, 生日快乐`

**B**: Thanks! I'm having a party on Saturday. Can you come? `谢谢！我周六要办个派对，你能来吗？`

**A**: Maybe. I'll check my calendar. What time does it start? `应该吧。我查下我的日程。派对什么时候开始？`

**B**: It starts at 7:00. I'm cooking dinner for everyone. `七点。我到时候会为大家准备晚餐。`

**A**: Oh, sorry. I can't make it. I'm busy on Saturday night. `啊，抱歉，我来不了。我周六晚上有事。`

**B**: Oh, that's too bad. Maybe next time. `哦，那太可惜了。争取下次吧。`

**A**: Sure. Thanks for inviting me. I hope you have a good time! `没问题。谢谢你邀请我。希望你玩得开心点！`

**B**: Thanks. We'll miss you! `谢啦。我们会想你的！`



## 03.对话精讲

> Happy birthady `phr.生日快乐`

**Johnny**: Alright and we are back. Our dialogue today starts with Steve, saying "Hey Mike happy birthday."

**Lisa**: Right so we use this phrase "Happy Birthday" when it's someone's birthday.

**Johnny**: There's even a Happy Birthday song. Happy Birthday to you.

**Lisa**: Happy Birthday to you.

**Johnny**: Lisa, when is your birthday?

**Lisa**: My birthday is December 4th. What about you? When is your birthday?

**Johnny**: My birthday is June`n.六月` 13.

**Lisa**: Okay, so in those days we can say "Happy Birthday." But in today's the dialogue, whose birthday is it?

**Johnny**: Well, it's Mike's birthday. Steve says, "Happy Birthday."

**Lisa**: And when someone says that to you, you can say "Thanks."

> party `n.派对，聚会`

**Johnny**: That's what Steve says, he says, "Thanks I'm having a party on Saturday. Can you come?"

**Lisa**: Party, party. Yeah, so a party is when people come together to celebrate. Usually you talk, you eat, you drink.

**Johnny**: Or you dance.

**Lisa**: That's true. Now in China I know a lot of people have parties at restaurants, but in Canada and America we often have house  parties.

**Johnny**: Those are big parties that you have at your home, but we never say home party, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, I know. It's always house party. I'm having a house party or I'm throwing a house party.

**Johnny**: Throw a party, have a party. Same thing.

**Lisa**: Just remember that when Americans say party, the "t" sounds like a "d." Party.

**Johnny**: Party. Can Steve come to the party?

> check `v.看一下`

**Lisa**: Well, he says, "maybe I'll check my calendar. What time does it start?"

**Johnny**: Let's look at the word "check" first. Check means to look at something.

**Lisa**: When we don't know someting, we need to check.

**Johnny**: I can say, "Hey Lisa. What time is it?"

**Lisa**: I'll check my watch. It's five thirty.

**Johnny**: To check your watch means to look at the time.

**Lisa**: Or you could check the weather.

**Johnny**: You can look at your phone or the news to see if it's raining or sunny.

**Lisa**: Yes, so we use a watch to check the time or a phone to check the weather, what do we use for dates like birthdays?

> calendar `n.日历，时间表`

**Johnny**: We can use a calendar.

**Lisa**: Yeah, so a calendar is something we write down important dates in.

**Johnny**: Usually there's a page for each month and it has all the days written in it, too.

**Lisa**: Yeah, it can be on a computer or phone or it can be a paper calendar.

**Johnny**: Steve checks the calendar and when does the party start?

**Lisa**: Well Mike says, "it starts at 7:00. I'm cooking dinner for everyone."

**Johnny**: So the party looks like it's at night and Mike is going to cook a nice birthday dinner.

**Lisa**: You know what? That's really nice. I always just order food.

> busy `adj.忙`

**Johnny**: Me too, it sounds like Steve can't come because he says, "Oh sorry, I can't make it. I'm busy on Saturday night."

**Lisa**: "I can't make it." This is a nice way to tell someone you can't come to their party.

**Johnny**: This phrase is also our grammar point today. So we'll talk more about it later.

**Lisa**: Why can't Steve come to Mike's party?

**Johnny**: Well, it looks like he's busy.

**Lisa**: Ah, okay, so busy means you have other plans. You have things you need to do. Maybe Steve has work. Maybe he has to go to other party.

**Johnny**: Yeah, or maybe he just doesn't want to go, but he wants to be polite.

**Lisa**: Many people say that they're busy, when they're not busy.

**Johnny**: Right. Often, people ask if we are free to do something and we can say I'm busy that day or I'm busy at that time.

> too bad `phr.太糟糕了，太遗憾了`

**Lisa**: And if someone tells you ther're busy, you can say, "Oh that's too bad. Maybe next time."

**Johnny**: And that's what Mike says.

**Lisa**: Yeah he uses "too bad." We say this when we feel bad, because someone can't do something.

**Johnny**: Like, do you want to come see a movie?

**Lisa**: Sorry, I have to work.

**Johnny**: Too bad.

**Lisa**: Or you should come play soccer with us.

**Johnny**: Sorry, I have plans.

**Lisa**: Oh, that's too bad.

**Johnny**: We can say "too bad," "that's too bad" or "it's too bad you can't come."

> inviting `v.邀请`

**Lisa**: But if you can't go. You should still thank people inviting you. So Steve says "Sure, thanks for inviting me, I hope you have a good time."

**Johnny**: Yeah after "for" we need a noun or an "-ing" verb. We say thanks for helping me or thanks for inviting me.

**Lisa**: Yeah, inviting comes from the word "invite."

**Johnny**: That's the verb, it means to ask people to come.

**Lisa**: I can invite someone to a party. I can invite someone to dinner or you could invite someone to your house.

**Johnny**: When I have parties, I send invitations.

**Lisa**: Yeah invitations, like a party invitation. That's the title of this lesson.

**Johnny**: "invitations" is the noun. This could be a card or just a message asking people to come.

**Lisa**: That's right. Okay, but in today's dialogue, Steve thanks Mike and says, "I hope you have a good time."

> miss `v.想念`

**Johnny**: Mike says, "Thanks, we'll miss you."

**Lisa**: Okay, we use miss when we feel sad that we can't see someone.

**Johnny**: Right so I can say, "Lisa, I haven't seen you for a year. I miss you."

**Lisa**: Yeah, or you can say, "I miss university. Life was easy."

**Johnny**: Oh yeah, that's a good example, so we can miss people or things.

**Lisa**: In today's dialogue Mike says, "We'll miss you,"  so everyone will be sad that Steve can't come.

**Johnny**: If someone can't come to your party, you can use the world "will" before miss.

**Lisa**: It's just a nice thing to say and a good way to end a conversation.

**Johnny**: It's time for our grammar section.

**Lisa**: So our grammar point today is how to say "No" to invitations politely.

**Johnny**: Yeah, this is very important and in today's dialogue, Steve said, "I can't make it."

**Lisa**: And this means I can't come. "Make it" just means "come" in this sentence.

**Johnny**: Like I can't make it to the meeting.

**Lisa**: Yeah but he could say, "Sorry I can't come" too.

**Johnny**: Yeah, but "make it" is a little more polite. It's just nicer`adj.良好的`!

**Lisa**: That's true. Let's look at some more examples using can't.

**Johnny**: I can say, "Hey, can you come to the movie tonight?"

**Lisa**: Sorry, I can't come.

**Johnny**: Ah, too bad.

**Lisa**: Or hey, do you want to meet this weekend?

**Johnny**: Sorry I can't meet. I have to work.

**Lisa**: So these are polite and friendly ways to tell someone you can't come.

**Johnny**: And if you want, after, you can say things like "thanks for inviting me."

**Lisa**: I hope you have a good time.

**Johnny**: These make it sound more polite.

**Lisa**: Yeah, because it shows that you care.

**Johnny**: Alright, that's the end of the grammar. Please check the grammar section for more examples.

**Lisa**: Let's listen to the dialogue one more time.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hey, Mike. Happy birthday! `嘿，Mike, 生日快乐`

**B**: Thanks! I'm having a party on Saturday. Can you come? `谢谢！我周六要办个派对，你能来吗？`

**A**: Maybe. I'll check my calendar. What time does it start? `应该吧。我查下我的日程。派对什么时候开始？`

**B**: It starts at 7:00. I'm cooking dinner for everyone. `七点。我到时候会为大家准备晚餐。`

**A**: Oh, sorry. I can't make it. I'm busy on Saturday night. `啊，抱歉，我来不了。我周六晚上有事。`

**B**: Oh, that's too bad. Maybe next time. `哦，那太可惜了。争取下次吧。`

**A**: Sure. Thanks for inviting me. I hope you have a good time! `没问题。谢谢你邀请我。希望你玩得开心点！`

**B**: Thanks. We'll miss you! `谢啦。我们会想你的！`

------

**Johnny**: Okay, we are back.

**Lisa**: We learned lots of good ways to say no to invitations.

**Johnny**: Because we can't say "no" or "I don't want to come."

**Lisa**: Yeah, this might hurt their feelings.

**Johnny**: Yeah, it just sounds rude.

**Lisa**: So we have to see it nicely like with the world can't.

**Johnny**: Like "I want to, but I can't come."

**Lisa**: Yeah, or "Sorry, I can't make it."

**Johnny**: Or "Sorry, I can't meet I'm busy."

**Lisa**: Yeah, I'm sure you're busy, busy watching TV. But they don't need to know that.

**Johnny**: No, no, they don't. Well. Are there any other phrases we didn't talk about today?

**Lisa**: Or are there other ways to say "No politely?"

**Johnny**: Yeah, let us know, leave us a comment.

**Lisa**: Or ask a question. Thanks for listening. We'll talk to you again next time.

**Johnny**: Bye for now.













