---
layout:     post
title:      "Is this seat taken?"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-06-30 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 日常沟通




---



# Is this seat taken?

> 怀念人多热闹的日子，人多的时候要在餐厅、咖啡店找一个位子真是难，看到个空位节能还是有人的



## 01.词汇练习

**共 8 个词汇**

| 词汇          | 翻译                        |
| ------------- | --------------------------- |
| taken         | ptcp.就（座）；占据（座位） |
| be right back | phr.马上回来                |
| somewhere     | adv.在某处，在某地          |
| else          | adv.其他，另外，别的        |
| by yourself   | phr.单独地                  |
| free          | adj.空着的                  |
| lunchtime     | n.午餐时间                  |
| cafe          | n.咖啡馆                    |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Johnny**: Hey guys, welcome back to OpenLanguage. This is your host, Johnny.

**Connor**: And this is Connor.

**Johnny**: Today we have an A2 lesson called "Is this seat taken?"

**Connor**: This is a question we use in cafes, restaurants, bars when we are looking for a seat.

**Johnny**: When you go to a busy cafe and you see an empty chair, but you don't know "Is someone using it?"

**Connor**: You need to ask this question "Is this seat taken?"

**Johnny**: We'll learn this sentence and many other great words to use this lesson.

**Connor**: In our dialogue today, Kelly is looking for a seat.

**Johnny**: Now, let's listen to our dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Excuse me, is this seat taken? `打扰一下，请问这个座位有人吗?`

**B**: Sorry, it is. My friend is just getting some food. He'll be right back. `对不起，有人。我朋友去拿些吃的了。他马上就回来。`

**A**: That's alright. I'll look somewhere else. `好的。我去其他地方找找。`

**B**: Wait, are you by yourself? That seat looks free. `等等，你一个人吗？那个座位看起来是空的。`

**A**: Oh right! I'll take that one. Thank you so much. `好的！我去坐那里。十分感谢。`

**B**: No problem. It's just so hard to find a seat at lunchtime. `不客气。在午餐时间找座位太难了。`

**A**: Totally. This cafe is crazy. `没错。这家咖啡馆人太多了。`



## 03.对话精讲

> taken `ptcp.就（座）；占据（座位）`

**Johnny**: We just listen to our dialogue between Kelly and Brad. It starts with Kelly saying "Excuse me, is this seat taken?"

**Connor**: "Taken" is from the verb "take." If you take a seat, it means you use a seat.

**Johnny**: If you're in a restaurant and you want to sit down, but you don't know if someone's using this seat, you can ask this question.

**Connor**: It's a very good question "Is this seat taken?" We can also say it a different way. We can say, "Can I sit here?"

**Johnny**: Or "is someone sitting here?"

**Connor**: Or "is someone in the bathroom`n.浴室；厕所`?"

**Johnny**: Sometimes you hear "seat," but we also say "chair."

**Connor**: Oh, right, yeah! "Chair" is usually like wood or at a table or at a computer.

**Johnny**: Exactly, we can say "Is this chair taken" or "Is this seat taken?" Both are okay.

**Connor**: Yes. "Is this seat taken?"

**Johnny**: Well, Brad says, "Sorry, it is."

**Connor**: Okay, "Sorry, it is." Why doesn't he say, "Yes, it is"?

**Johnny**: "Sorry, it is" just sounds more polite. So we like to use that.

**Connor**: It's a little more polite. There are other ways that he could say this. He could say... Now. Let's change this. Maybe the seat is not taken. What can Brad say then?

**Johnny**: Brad can say, "No, you can sit here." Or he can also say, "No, please sit down."

**Connor**: That's right, I like to say, "it's all yours."

**Johnny**: Yeah, that's a good one too. We can see the seat is taken because Brad said, "My friend is just getting some food. He'll be right back."

> be right back `phr.马上回来`

**Connor**: Brad's friend is buying some food, coming back. And he's coming back very soon. That's what "be right back" means.

**Johnny**: We use this when we are buying food or going to the washroom`n.洗手间；厕所`, or maybe you need to make a phone call. You can say, "Hey, I'll be right back."

**Connor**: Yeah, you don't need to wait for me very long, maybe five mintues.

**Johnny**: If it's longer, though, we can say, "I'll be right back in an hour."

**Connor**: Yeah or "I'll be back tomorrow."

**Johnny**: Brad said his friend will be right back and Kelly says, "That's alright. I'll look somewhere else."

> somewhere `adv.在某处，在某地`

**Connor**: These are together. Let's look at "somewhere" first. That means a place.

**Johnny**: But we don't know the place, so we say "somewhere."

**Connor**: For example, if I lose my keys for my car, my house, I might say, "Oh, I don't know where my keys are."

**Johnny**: You lost them somewhere.

**Connor**: Yes, there're somewhere, but I don't know where.

**Johnny**: Or I could be like, "Where's Lisa?"

**Connor**: Oh, where's Lisa? She's somewhere.

> else `adv.其他，另外，别的`

**Johnny**: Let's go look for her. They said somewhere else. Let's look at this word "else."

**Connor**: Yes, it means different or other, and we always say it with words like somewhere, someone, something, anywhere.

**Johnny**: So I can be like, "Hey, Connor. Do you want to go to this pizza restaurant?"

**Connor**: "Woo, I ate pizza yesterday. Let's eat something else."

**Johnny**: Okay.

**Connor**: Or how about this example? "Johnny, How about we go meet Adam?"

**Johnny**: "Oh, you want to meet Adam. Umm, I want to meet somebody else."

**Connor**: No, we like Adam. Okay, back to the dialogue here. So Kelly is going to look in a different place, but then Brad says, "Wait, are you by yourself?"

> by yourself `phr.单独地`

**Johnny**: "By yourself." If you're by yourself, you're just one person. You're alone.

**Connor**: But alone is too sad`adj.难过的，悲哀的，令人悲痛的；凄惨的，阴郁的`, right?

**Johnny**: Yeah, that's like, "Oh, I'm alone. I don't have anybody." A lot of people live by themselves.

**Connor**: That's right. Yeah! Do you live by yourself?

**Johnny**: No. I have a roommate. Connor. Do you eat lunch by yourself?

> free `adj.空着的`

**Connor**: Yeah, I usually eat by myself, because I cook at home. Okay, so Brad, I think, is a really nice guy because he says, "That seat looks free."

**Johnny**: Brad is being really nice. "Free" just means you can use it.

**Connor**: This is not about a price. He doesn't have to buy a seat. We say this a lot, "Is that seat free?" "Is that taxi free?"

**Johnny**: Right, or maybe you're in a restaurant and you want to use a table, so you can ask, "is that table free?"

**Connor**: "Sorry, Sir. There are no free tables. We are a very busy restaurant."

**Johnny**: "Oh, no!"

**Connor**: Okay, Kelly sees the table. She says, "I'll take that one." And of course, "take" here means "use." She's going to use it.

**Johnny**: Right. And Kelly also says, "Thank you so much." So she's been really polite.

**Connor**: Yeah, Kelly is polite and Brad's polite again. Because he says, "No problem. It's just so hard to find a seat at lunchtime."

> lunchtime `n.午餐时间`

**Johnny**: This sentence is our grammar point today. We're gonna talk a little bit more about it at the end. But right now, let's look at this word "lunchtime."

**Connor**: "Lunchtime" is one word. It's made of two words "lunch" and "time." So what does it mean?

**Johnny**: It just means the time we eat lunch.

**Connor**: Like 12 PM, maybe 1 PM for people. We can also say "dinnertime."

**Johnny**: That's just like around 6 or 7 PM.

**Connor**: Maybe you eat diiner at 9 PM. But it's always busy in a restaurant at those times. So yeah, it's hard to find a seat at those times and Kelly agrees.

**Johnny**: She says "Totally." That's a way to agree. It's like saying "you're right" or "I agree."

> cafe `n.咖啡馆`

**Connor**: Yeah, I really agree. This cafe is crazy.

**Johnny**: It's crazy! That's where this dialogue is taking place today, in a cafe.

**Connor**: Yes, a cafe can be a coffee shop, but in America, in Canada, usually a cafe is a little different than a coffee shop.

**Johnny**: I think the main difference is that they sell food. It's kind of like a small restaurant.

**Connor**: Yeah, they sell big food, like sandwiches`n.三明治` or salads`n.色拉`.

**Johnny**:  People usually go there for lunch, not for dinner.

**Connor**: For dinner, you go to a restaurant that serves nice, expensive`adj.昂贵的，花钱的` food.

**Johnny**: The cafe is crazy, and that just means it's really really busy. That's why it's hard to find a seat.

**Connor**: That is the end of the dialogue, and that means it's time for our grammar point.

**Johnny**: Today, we'll talk about the sentence: It's just so hard to find a seat at lunchtime.

**Connor**: This sentence uses the grammar pattern: It's + adjective + to do.

**Johnny**: "It's so hard to find."

**Connor**: The adjective is "hard." The verb is "to find."

**Johnny**: And we use this pattern to say an opinion. Let's look at a few examples.

**Connor**: All right, here's an example. "It's important to learn English."

**Johnny**: This just means learning English is important. Let's look at another example. "It's nice to go swimming in the summer."

**Connor**: Woo, yeah! I also like to swim in the summer. It's very nice.

**Johnny**: Here's one we hear a lot. "It's nice to meet you."

**Connor**: Oh, that's really common: it's nice to meet you. Meeting you is good! It's nice!

**Johnny**: One more thing. We can also use the word "not" in these sentences.

**Connor**: For example, "it's not nice to go swimming in the winter because it's cold."

**Johnny**: Yeah, or it's not easy to find a good restaurant.

**Connor**: Like at dinnertime and in the city.

**Johnny**: All the restaurants are crazy. They're so busy.

**Connor**: Yeah, exactly. Now that is the end of our grammar for Today. Please look in our grammar section to learn more.

**Johnny**: Let's take one more listen to the dialogue.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Excuse me, is this seat taken? `打扰一下，请问这个座位有人吗?`

**B**: Sorry, it is. My friend is just getting some food. He'll be right back. `对不起，有人。我朋友去拿些吃的了。他马上就回来。`

**A**: That's alright. I'll look somewhere else. `好的。我去其他地方找找。`

**B**: Wait, are you by yourself? That seat looks free. `等等，你一个人吗？那个座位看起来是空的。`

**A**: Oh right! I'll take that one. Thank you so much. `好的！我去坐那里。十分感谢。`

**B**: No problem. It's just so hard to find a seat at lunchtime. `不客气。在午餐时间找座位太难了。`

**A**: Totally. This cafe is crazy. `没错。这家咖啡馆人太多了。`

------

**Connor**: Okay, we heard that dialogue one more time. In this lesson, we learned the sentence, "Is this seat taken?"

**Johnny**: There're other ways we can ask too.

**Connor**: We learned the sentence. "Can I sit here?"

**Johnny**: Or "Is someone sitting here?" And remember we can use it to ask about other stuff`n.东西；材料；填充物；素材资料` too. Like, "Is this table taken?"

**Connor**: Yes, so I hope you learned a lot in this lesson. If you have any questions or comments, please write them in our comment section.

**Johnny**: We'll see you next time.

**Connor**: Talk to you later.