---
layout:     post
title:      "I'll call you back"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-06-18 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - coffee



---



# I'll call you back

> 忙得不可开交的时候来了电话？如何礼貌又不尴尬地快速结束对话？别着急，I'll call you back!



## 01.词汇练习

**共 7 个词汇**

| 词汇           | 翻译          |
| -------------- | ------------- |
| have a second  | phr. 有时间   |
| need           | phr. 动作快点 |
| take           | v. 记得       |
| join           | v. 加入       |
| place          | n. 地方       |
| here's         | phr. 回你电话 |
| take your time | phr. 慢慢来   |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Connor**: Hello and welcome to OpenLanguage. This is Connor.

**Johnny**: And this is Johnny.

**Connor**: Today, we have another A2 lesson for you. This lesson is about our topic "Talking on the phone." So in today's dialogue, who do we have?

**Johnny**: Today, we have a dialogue with Jeff calling Carol.

**Connor**: That's right, and Jeff has a question for Carol. But Carol is busy, so she says "I'll call you back," and that is the little of our lesson today.

**Johnny**: Yeah, so let's take a listen to our vocabulary`(n.词汇；词表；词汇量)`.

**Connor**: Sounds good. Here we go.

**Connor**: have a second

**Connor**: make it quick

**Connor**: remember

**Connor**: join

**Connor**: place

**Connor**: call you back

**Connor**: take your time

**Johnny**: Okay. This time, let's repeat after Connor.

**Connor**: have a second

**Johnny**: have a second

**Connor**: make it quick

**Johnny**: make it quick

**Connor**: remember

**Johnny**: remember

**Connor**: join

**Johnny**: join

**Connor**: place

**Johnny**: place

**Connor**: call you back

**Johnny**: call you back

**Connor**: take your time

**Johnny**: take your time

**Johnny**: Good. All right. Well, let's listen to today's dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hello? `你好？`

**B**: Hi Carol. It's Jeff. Do you have a second? `嗨，Carol。我是 Jeff。你现在有空吗？`

**A**: I'm a little busy. Can you make it quick? `我现在有点忙。你能讲快点吗？`

**B**: Sure. I can't remember the time of Tim's party today. `当然。忘记 Tim 今天派对的时间了。`

**A**: Oh, are you going to join us? `哦，你要一起来吗？`

**B**: Yep. I know the place, but not the time. `对呀。我知道地点，但不记得时间了。`

**A**: I also don't know. I'll ask him, and I'll call you back soon. `我也不知道。那我问问他，然后尽快给你回电话`

**B**: Thanks. Take your time! `谢谢。慢慢来，不着急。`



## 03.对话精讲

**Connor**: Okay, we just heard that dialogue. Carol answers the phone. She says "Hello?" and Jeff says:

> have a second `phr. 有时间`

**Johnny**: "Hi Carol. It's Jeff. Do you have a second?"

**Connor**: Have a second. So, "second," we know it's about time. One, two, three, four. That's four seconds, right?

**Johnny**: Yeah, and if you ask someone if they have a second, you're asking if they have a little bit of time.

**Connor**: Yeah. Do you have some time? That usually means "Can I talk to you?"

**Johnny**: Right. Or maybe you want them to do something.

**Connor**: That's right, that's right. So, for example, "Do you have a second? I need some help cleaning the kitchen."

**Johnny**: Right. Or, "Hey Connor, do you have a second to talk about our plans?"

**Connor**: Oh, okay, sure, let's talk about our plans because I have a second. Or sometimes we say, "Do you have a sec?"

**Johnny**: Right, so we make "second" shorter, we say "sec."

**Connor**: "Give me a sec." "I'll be there in a sec."

> make it quick `phr.动作快点`

**Johnny**: All right, and if someone asks you if you have a second, you have to tell them if you're busy or not. And Carol says, "I'm a little busy. Can you make it quick?"

**Connor**: That's right. "Make it quick," this does not mean she's asking Jeff to make something. It means "Can you say it quickly?"

**Johnny**: Right. She doesn't have a lot of time and this can sound a little bit rude,`（adj.粗鲁的；无理的；狂暴的；未开化的）` so we only say it with our good friends.

**Connor**: Right. It can be rude. I don't have much time, can you make it quick?

**Johnny**: That's rube. Don't rush me.

**Connor**: For sure, so say this in a nice way, "Could you please make it quick?"

> remember `v.记得`

**Johnny**: And Jeff says "Sure. I can't remember the time of Tim's party today."

**Connor**: Right. So this is his question. He doesn't konw the time. He can't remember. Remember is a little hard to say. Remember.

**Johnny**: Remember.

**Connor**: And in this sentence "I can't remember," it means that maybe somebody told me the time, but I don't konw now.

**Johnny**: Yeah, you forgot.

**Connor**: Forgot. So if you forgot something, it means you can't remember it.

**Johnny**: Yean. So I can say "I can't remeber his phone number. He told me, but now I don't know."

**Connor**: Right. These days we have so many friends and so many phone numbers to remember. We use out smartphones to remember the phone numbers.

**Johnny**: Yeah, and sometimes to remember people's names.

**Connor**: Oh, yes. I always forget someone's name, so I have to try really hard to remember a new person's name.

**Johnny**: Hey Connor, do you remember my brithday?

**Connor**: Oh, sorry, I can't remember.

**Johnny**: What? I told you.

> join `v.加入`

**Connor**: Oh, yes, sorry, I can't remember. Anyway, so Carol then has a question for Jeff. She says, "Oh, are you going to join us?"

**Johnny**: Yeah, "join us." So "join" means to do something together, some kind of activity or maybe play sports.

**Connor**: Yeah, or a group. For example, maybe I like to play basketball, so I can join a basketball team.

**Johnny**: Yeah, or you can join my soccer team.

**Connor**: Sounds good. We often say this word when we invite `（vt.邀请，招待；招致）` friends to our houses for dinner or supper, `（n.晚餐，晚饭；夜宵）` we could say, "Would you like to join us for dinner?"

**Johnny**: Yeah. Or maybe if we have plans and we want the other person to come, I can say, "Hey Connor, I'm going to the bar. Do you want to join us?"

**Connor**: Oh, I'm a little busy right now, but I'll join you later.

> place `n.地方`

**Johnny**: And it looks like Jeff is going to join Carol. He says "Yep. I know the place, bug not the time."

**Connor**: Okay. So "place" is "where." Where is the party? Is it in a building? Is is at a restaurant `（n.餐馆）`? A bar? An apartment `（n.公寓）`? What is the place?

**Johnny**: Yeah. We can use the world "place" to talk about almost anywhere.

**Connor**: Exactly. I think about really famous cities like London, there are so many places to visit in London.

**Johnny**: Do you have a favorite place to visit?

**Connor**: No, there are too many places. Or restaurants, if you go to a really good restaurant, you could say the restaurant is a really nice place.

**Johnny**: Yeah. Or if a country is really nice, you can say Canada is a good place to live.

**Connor**: Yeah. There are lots of good places to live in the world. So Jeff knows the place, but not the time. Does Carol know the time?

> call you back `phr.回你电话`

**Johnny**: It looks like she doesn't, she says "I also don't know. I'll ask him, and I'll call you back soon."

**Connor**: Okay. So this means Carol will ask Tim the time of Tim's party, and she'll call Jeff back soon.

**Johnny**: Okay. So this "I'll ask" and "I'll call", those are our grammar points for today, but we'll talk about those later. 

**Connor**: That's right. Let's look at this phrase "call you back." "Call" means telephone call, right?

**Johnny**: Yeah, and if you call someone back, it means you're going to end the conversation and call them again later.

**Connor**: Right,  usually soon, right? And we always say "call you back," "call me back," "call him back." For example, "Oh, I am busy. I'll can you back in five mintues."

**Johnny**: Right. Or maybe you want the other person to call you back, so you can say "Hey, can you call me back?" and usually they'll say "Yeah, no problem."

**Connor**: That's right. Here's one more example, "I called her back, but she didn't answer the phone."

**Johnny**: Oh, that's never fun.

> take your time `phr.慢慢来`

**Connor**: So, remember to use this phrase when you're talking on the phone and you have to call someone again. Now, we have the last line of our dialogue today. Jeff says, "Thanks. Take your time!"

**Johnny**: Yeah. "Take your time," so we already saw "make it quick," and now this is the opposite `（adj.相反的；对面的；对立的）`. This just means "go slowly."

**Connor**: Go slowly, don't rush. This is a really polite thing to say to your friend. If she's late or if he's late, you can say "Oh, you're late? Don't worry. Take your time!"

**Johnny**: Yeah, so you just want them to know "Relax, there's no rush," and sometimes at work, we need to be quick, but we also need to be careful. So you can say "Hey, take your time."

**Connor**: Yeah, or even if you're studying, I need to take my time when I study.

**Johnny**:  It's always good to take your time. All right. Now, let's take a look at our grammar point.

**Connor**: That sounds good. Today we heard Carol say "I'll ask him, and I'll call you back."

**Johnny**: Yeah, this is a simple future tense and it has a special meaning here.

**Connor**: We say it when we make a fast decision or a choice.

**Johnny**:  Exactly. And Carol was not thinking about calling Tim, but now something has changed. She has to ask Tim about his party and she has to tell Jeff.

**Connor**: So she says "I'll ask him, and I'll call you back."

**Johnny**: Okay, let's look at some other examples of this.

**Connor**: All right. When I invite a friend to my house, sometimes I say "I'll get you some coffee or tea."

**Johnny**: Or here's another one, I can say "I see we have no more milk. I'll go buy some more."

**Connor**: Oh, yes, so that's a fast decision. Let's look at one more example. We use this a lot after we say "I don't know," like, for example, "I don't know the time of the meeting. I'll ask then I'll send you the information."

**Johnny**: Okay, great, that's it for grammar. Now, let's take one more listen to our dialogue.

**Connor**: Okay.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hello? `你好？`

**B**: Hi Carol. It's Jeff. Do you have a second? `嗨，Carol。我是 Jeff。你现在有空吗？`

**A**: I'm a little busy. Can you make it quick? `我现在有点忙。你能讲快点吗？`

**B**: Sure. I can't remember the time of Tim's party today. `当然。忘记 Tim 今天派对的时间了。`

**A**: Oh, are you going to join us? `哦，你要一起来吗？`

**B**: Yep. I know the place, but not the time. `对呀。我知道地点，但不记得时间了。`

**A**: I also don't know. I'll ask him, and I'll call you back soon. `我也不知道。那我问问他，然后尽快给你回电话`

**B**: Thanks. Take your time! `谢谢。慢慢来，不着急。`

------

**Connor**: Okay, we just heard that dialogue again and in this lesson, we learned about the grammar "I'll...," like "I'll ask," "I'll call you back." This is really importan.

**Johnny**: We say it a lot in our daily conversation, like "Hey Connor, I'll go get it."

**Connor**: Yes. Or "I'll pay for dinner."

**Johnny**: Okay, so remember to use this when you want to tell people what you're going to do.

**Connor**: Or I'll call you back when you're busy.

**Johnny**: Better make it quick.

**Connor**: Okay. Well, remember to leave a comment or ask a question about this lesson and we'll talk to you next time.

**Johnny**: Thanks for listening. Bye!





































