---
layout:     post
title:      "Getting lunch"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-06 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 餐厅点餐




---



# Getting lunch

> 午餐吃什么？快学习一下怎么跟小伙伴讨论午餐吃什么吧！



## 01.词汇练习

**共 8 个词汇**

| 词汇                  | 翻译           |
| --------------------- | -------------- |
| what do you feel like | phr.你想要什么 |
| choices               | n.选择         |
| burger with fries     | n.汉堡配薯条   |
| ham sandwich          | n.火腿三明治   |
| hungry                | adj.饿的       |
| pizza                 | n.披萨         |
| share                 | v.分享         |
| enough                | adj.足够的     |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Johnny**: Hey, guys. Welcome back to OpenLanguage. This is your host, Johnny.

**Lisa**: And this is Lisa.

**Johnny**: So Lisa, how are you feeling right now?

**Lisa**: I'm a little hungry.

**Johnny**: Yeah, it's almost lunchtime.

**Lisa**: I know, but I can't choose what I want to eat: pizza, sandwiches....

**Johnny**: Oh, sandwiches, right. Well, we need to talk about this first.

**Lisa**: That's right. But lucky for us, this lesson is called "Getting lunch."

**Johnny**: That's right. So we'll talk about what we want and what we don't want to eat.

**Lisa**: Okay, now, let's listen to the dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hey guys, what do you feel like for lunch? `嘿，伙计们，中午想吃什么？`

**B**: I don't know. There are so many choices. A burger with fries, perhaps. `我不知道。选择有很多。可能是汉堡配薯条。`

**C**: I might get a ham sandwich. How about you? `我可能买一份火腿三明治。你呢？`

**A**: I'm so hungry. I'll get a pizza. Does anyone want to share? `我太饿了，我买披萨。有人想一起吃吗？`

**B**: I love pizza, but maybe not for lunch.`我爱披萨，但不太想午餐吃。`

**C**: I think a sandwich will be enough for me. `我觉得三明治就足够了。`

**A**: Alright, no worries. So where do you guys want to go? `好吧，不用担心。那么你们想去哪里？`

**B**: How about the cafe next door? `隔壁的咖啡厅怎么样？`



## 03.对话精讲

**Johnny**: Okay, so we just listened to our dialogue between Paul, Mary, and John. They're in their office, and they're deciding what they want to eat for lunch.

> what do you feel like `phr.你想要什么`

**Lisa**: Yes, so Paul starts this, and he says, "Hey guys, what do you feel like for lunch?"

**Johnny**: We see this question a lot and it just means what do you want for lunch?

> hungry `adj.饿的`

**Lisa**: Yes, but let's look at this a little bit more. So "feel," he uses this word. We usually use the word "feel" when we say "I feel hungry" or "I feel tired." But here, he uses it a little differently`adv.不同地；差异；各种`, right?

**Johnny**: Yeah, he's using "feel" with "like" and "feel like" can mean many different things, but here it just means "I want."

**Lisa**: For example, "what do you feel like for lunch?"

**Johnny**: "I feel like pasta." Or "Lisa, what do you feel like like for dinner?"

**Lisa**: "Ummm, I want maybe chicken?"

**Johnny**: Okay, so we can use this question to ask about lunch, dinner, but we can also use it to ask about other things too, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, like "what do you feel like doing after work?"

**Johnny**: "Ummm, I feel like getting a drink. Do you want to go for a beer?"

**Lisa**: "Sure." So we can use this to invite our friends too. Okay, so what do Mary and John feel like for lunch?

> choices `n.选择`

**Johnny**: Well, Mary says, "I don't know. There are so many choices."

**Lisa**: So "choices," when you go to a store or a cafe, there are always to many choices. You could get water; you could get a coffee; you could get maybe some coke`n.可口可乐`.

**Johnny**: Right, so you have to choose what you want to drink, but at my house, there's only one choice: water.

**Lisa**: Well, that's not friendly.

**Johnny**: No.

**Lisa**: Okay, "choice" is the noun, and it comes from the verb "to choose" so I could choose a drink. I could choose coffee and that would be my choice.

**Johnny**: But Mary says, "There are so many choices." So this word "many," that's gonna be our grammar point for today and we'll talk a bit about that more later. But for now, let's look at what Mary wants.

> burger with fries `n.汉堡配薯条`

**Lisa**: She says, "a burger with fries, perhaps."

**Johnny**: I'm sure most of our listeners have tried a burger before. That's just beef between two buns, really?

**Lisa**: Yeah, a hamburger, right? You could get it at McDonald's or something like that, but here she's saying a burger with fries. So when we use "with," we mean that these two things come together.

**Johnny**: For example, you can get a sandwich with tomato soup.

**Lisa**: Yeah, or you don't need to get a burger with fries, you can get a burger with a drink.

**Johnny**: What are fries?

**Lisa**: Fries are just fried`adj.油炸的，油煎的` potatoes `n.土豆`.

> ham sandwich `n.火腿三明治`

**Johnny**: We cook them in oil`n.油，石油`. It seems like Mary might get the burger with fries because she says "perhaps." And then John says, "I might get a ham sandwich. How about you?"

**Lisa**: Okay, so "might" here just means maybe. "I might get a ham sandwich." Ham`n.火腿` comes from a pig. It's pork.

> pizza `n.披萨`

**Johnny**: Usually, when we have pork in sandwich or on pizza, it's called ham. So you can have a ham pizza or had sandwich.

**Lisa**: Yeah, or you can have ham and eggs in the morning.

**Johnny**: Oh, I love that.

**Lisa**: Me too. Okay, but it seems that Mary and John have decided, but they ask Paul too, "How about you?"

**Johnny**: Right, and Paul says, "I'm so hungry." So if you're hungry you just want to eat, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, exactly. You're not full.

**Johnny**: And how do we pronounce this word?

**Lisa**: Hungry /ˈhʌŋɡri/, /ˈhʌŋɡri/.

**Johnny**: Right, hungry. If you're really, really, really hungry, you can say, "I'm starving`adj.饥饿的；挨饿的`."

**Lisa**: That's right. "I'm starving. I could eat a horse`n.马`."

**Johnny**: Right, a horse or maybe a whole`adj.完整的；纯粹的` pizza.

**Lisa**: Yeah, that's better. Okay, so "I'll get a pizza." That is what Paul says.

**Johnny**: A pizza is just thin bread with stuff on it, like tomatoes`n.番茄`, cheese`n.奶酪`, vegetables, meat.

**Lisa**: Yes, be careful with the pronunciation, it is not /ˈpiːzə/, it is /ˈpiːtsə/, /ˈpiːtsə/.

**Johnny**: Right, pizza. There's almost a soft "t" sound in there, /ˈpiːtsə/.

**Lisa**: Yeah, like a "t" and an "sa," /ˈpiːtsə/.

**Johnny**: Pizza.

> share `v.分享`

**Lisa**: Okay, but pizza are pretty big, so Paul says, "Does anyone want to share?"

**Johnny**: "Share a pizza" that just means two or more people eat it, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, that's right. You're eating it together. So when we go to restaurants, we often share our food with our friends.

**Johnny**: And we often say "share with." Like, "I'm gonna share a pizza with Lisa."

**Lisa**: Exactly, but let's look at this question a little bit more. "Does anyone want to share?" We can use this "does anyone want to..." for many different questions. For example, "Does anyone want to share a dessert`n.餐后甜点；甜点心`"?

**Johnny**: "No, the dessert is all mine." Okay, or "Does anyone want to share a starter`n.起动机；发令员`?" These are common questions in restaurants because we often share food.

**Lisa**: That's right, but we can use it in other situations`n.状况；情境；局面` too. For example. "Does anyone want to go see a move?" Here, I changed the verb.

**Johnny**: Or "Does anyone want to go play soccer?"

**Lisa**: "Ooh, I would. I would." But here he's asking about pizza. "Does anyone want to share?" And what do they say?

**Johnny**: Well, Mary says, "I love pizza, but maybe not for lunch."

> enough `adj.足够的`

**Lisa**: Yeah, and John also thinks so too. He says, "I think a sandwich will be enough for me."

**Johnny**: He uses this word "enough" and what does enough mean?

**Lisa**: It means that you don't need more. So if the sandwich is enough, then you can eat the sandwich and you don't need more food.

**Johnny**: Right, so he doesn't want to share the pizza.

**Lisa**: Now, we often use "enough" when we're asking our friends questions when we're eating. Like, "Is this engough food for you?"

**Johnny**: You can say, "Yep" or "I've had enough, thanks."

**Lisa**: Yeah. And that just means I don't need more food. So Paul wants to order a pizza, Mary and John don't want to order the pizza. So what does Paul say?

**Johnny**: "All right, no worries, so where do you guys want to go?"

**Lisa**: And Mary says, "How about the cafe next door?"

**Johnny**: We often go to cafes for lunch, not for dinner, so that seems like a good choice.

**Lisa**: Yeah, and she makes this suggestion by saying "how about." So if you don't want to do something, you can give another choice. You can say, "How about the cafe?" "How about the restaurant?" "How about our company cafeteria`n.自助餐厅；小餐厅；快餐厅`?"

**Johnny**: Exactly. Well, how about we look at our grammar point?

**Lisa**: Okay, let's do that.

**Lisa**: Okay, so today's grammar is using "many," so we oten use "many" to talk about large numbers. It means a lot.

**Johnny**: Like "There are so many people in the restaurant." Or "I don't have many friends."

**Lisa**: Well, you'll always have me.

**Johnny**: Thank you, Lisa.

**Lisa**: So in today's dialogue, Mary said, "There are so many choices," meaning there are a lot of choices.

**Johnny**: Exactly. And we only use "many" with countable nouns. Countable nouns are people, places or things we can count, for example, ten boys, three restaurants, thirty days.

**Lisa**: Right, and let me use "many" with countable nouns, we need to add "s" at the end of the noun.

**Johnny**: That's right, so in todays's lesson we have "many choices."

**Lisa**: We can't say "many choice," because we have more than one.

**Johnny**: Right, you'd have to say "one choice."

**Lisa**: Yes, or many choices. Here are some more examples. "He has many books at home."

**Johnny**: "Many students don't do their homework."

**Lisa**: Bad students. "There are many delicious things on the menu."

**Johnny**: Okay, guys, those are our examples.

**Johnny**: Now, remember, we use "many" to talk about a large number of things. It's the same as "a lot" and we use it only with countable nouns. Okay, so now, let's listen to our dialogue one more time.

**Lisa**: All right, let's do that!



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hey guys, what do you feel like for lunch? `嘿，伙计们，中午想吃什么？`

**B**: I don't know. There are so many choices. A burger with fries, perhaps. `我不知道。选择有很多。可能是汉堡配薯条。`

**C**: I might get a ham sandwich. How about you? `我可能买一份火腿三明治。你呢？`

**A**: I'm so hungry. I'll get a pizza. Does anyone want to share? `我太饿了，我买披萨。有人想一起吃吗？`

**B**: I love pizza, but maybe not for lunch.`我爱披萨，但不太想午餐吃。`

**C**: I think a sandwich will be enough for me. `我觉得三明治就足够了。`

**A**: Alright, no worries. So where do you guys want to go? `好吧，不用担心。那么你们想去哪里？`

**B**: How about the cafe next door? `隔壁的咖啡厅怎么样？`

------

**Johnny**: Okay, Lisa, so at the start you said, "I'm a little hungry." And now you must be really hungry after talking about all this food.

**Lisa**: Yes, I am super hungry, but there are so many choices.

**Johnny**: Right.

**Johnny**: So what do you feel like for lunch?

**Lisa**: Um, I feel like pizza actually.

**Johnny**: Yeah, I could share a pizza with you.

**Lisa**: Sure, that sounds good and maybe we should get a snack`n.小吃，快餐` for later.

**Johnny**: I think the pizza is enough.

**Lisa**: Yeah, you're probably right. Okay, guys, what about you? What do you feel like for lunch today?

**Johnny**: Yeah, you want a ham sandwich? Do you want a cheese`n.奶酪` pizza? What do you guys like to share with your friends?

**Lisa**: Yes, let us know in a comment or ask a question. Thanks for listening. We'll see you again next time.

**Johnny**: Bye for now.