---
layout:     post
title:      "Can you get me a coffee?"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-06-17 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - coffee



---



# Can you get me a coffee?

> 很累很困的时候来杯咖啡多好！如何拜托同事给你带一杯咖啡？你的咖啡都有哪些要求？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 6 个词汇**

| 词汇       | 翻译                         |
| ---------- | ---------------------------- |
| coffee run | n. 去买咖啡                  |
| need       | v. 需要                      |
| take       | v. 接受、接纳                |
| cream      | n. 奶油                      |
| grad       | v. （尤指匆忙地）拿，取；买  |
| here's     | cont. 这是（here is 的缩写） |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Connor**: Hello and welcome to OpenLanguage. This is Connor.

**Lisa**: And this is Lisa.

**Connor**: Today, we have another A2 lesson called "Can you get me a coffee?"

**Lisa**: Get me a coffee?

**Connor**: Yes, that means "can you buy a coffee for me?"

**Lisa**: So in today's dialogue, we have two coworkers, Sarah and Miles.

**Connor**: Yes, Sarah is going to buy a coffee for other people at the office. We call this "a coffee run."

**Lisa**: All right. Now, let's listen to the dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hey, Miles. I'm doing a coffee run. Do you need anything?  `嗨，Miles。我要去买咖啡，你想要点什么？`

**B**: Sure, thanks. Can you get me a coffee? `好的，谢谢。你能帮我买杯咖啡吗？`

**A**: Of courese. Do you take cream or sugar? `当然。你要加奶油或者糖吗？`

**B**: No, just black. Hmm, can you get me a sandwich, too? `不用了，黑咖啡就可以。能再帮我再买份三明治吗？`

**A**: Yep, I'll grab one for you. `好的，我帮你买一份。`

**B**: Thanks. Here's some money for everything. `谢谢，这是要买东西的钱。`

**A**: Oh, don't worry. I'll buy it first and then tell you the price. `哦，别但系。我先买，回头告诉你价格。`

**B**: Thanks. `谢谢`



## 03.对话精讲

> coffee run n. 去买咖啡

**Connor**: Okay, we just heard that dialogue between Sarah and Miles. Sarch says, "I'm doing a coffee run. Do you need anything?"

**Lisa**: Yeah, so a coffee run is when you go to get coffee.

**Connor**: Yeah, is she running to get the coffee?

**Lisa**: No, no, no, no. She's just going to buy the coffee for other people here.

**Connor**: Yeah, many people drink coffee everyday. A coffee run means you leave quickly, buy coffee and come back quickly. You don't stay at the coffee shop.

**Lisa**: Yeah, so you could say, "I'm doing a coffee run." But you could also say, "I'm going on a coffee run."

**Connor**: That's right. Do a coffee run. Go on a coffee run.  You can even do a grocery`（n.食品杂货店）` run.

**Lisa**: Or a beer`（n.啤酒）` run.

**Connor**: Exactly`（adv. 恰好地；正是；精确的；正确地）`. So Sarah says this to Miles and asks?

> need v. 需要

**Lisa**: "Do you need anything?"

**Connor**: Need. So maybe you learned "need." Like we need air. We need water.

**Lisa**: Yeah, we need it to live.

**Connor**: But this "need" is different. It means want, if something really helps me.

**Lisa**: Yeah, for example, "I'm going to the store. Do you need anything?"

**Connor**: Yeah, that could be like eggs and milk. Another sample is, "Today was really hard. I need a beer."

**Lisa**: Yeah, or after exercise, I need a shower.

**Connor**: Yeah, so we don't really need it, but we really want it.

**Lisa**: Yes, okay. So does Miles need anything?

**Connor**: Yes, he does. He says, "Sure, thanks. Can you get me a coffee?"

**Lisa**: Yeah, so "get" here means buy. For example,  I got some new shoes.

**Connor**: Yeah, that means I bought some new shoes.

**Lisa**: So, "can you get me a coffee?" means "can you buy me a coffee?"

**Connor**: So actually`(adv. 实际上；事实上)`, this is out grammar point for today. We will look at what this means a little more closely`（adv. 紧密地；接近地；严密地；亲近地）` later.

> take v.接受、接纳

**Lisa**: Okay, let's go back to our dialogue. So Sarah says, "Of course. Do you take cream or sugar?"

**Connor**: So Miles wants a coffee and she asks this question "take." He is not talking anything like "Don't take my pencil."

**Lisa**: Yeah, no. When someone says, "Do you take cream or sugar?" They mean, "Do you want this in your coffee?"

**Connor**: Do you put it in your coffee? For example, I don't take sugar in my coffee beacuse It's too sweet.

**Lisa**: Okay, so you don't put sugar in your coffee. Now there's another question that you'll often hear, "How do you take your coffee?"

> cream n.奶油

**Connor**: So what do you put in your coffee? Well, I sometimes take cream in my coffee.

**Lisa**: Woo, cream. I love cream too, but what is it?

**Connor**: So cream is from a cow. It's milk for coffee or ice cream. It makes your coffee look milky or creamy.

**Lisa**: Yean, so you can put it in your coffee. You can put it in your tea.

**Connor**: Now, cream can be for drinking. It can also be for your face, like sun cream.

**Lisa**: Yeah, so sun cream helps your skin in the sun.

**Connor**: Umm, makes it soft too. All right, so back to the dialogue here. "Do you take cream or sugar?" Sarah asks this question and what does Miles say?

**Lisa**: He says, "No, just black." So when it's black, there's no cream, there's no sugar.

**Connor**: Just black coffee. But he has one more question. He says, "Can you get me a sandwich, too?"

> grab v.（尤指匆忙地）拿，取；买

**Lisa**: And Sarah says, "Yep, I'll grab one for you."

**Connor**: Okay, "grab" is using your hands to take or get something.

**Lisa**: Yeah, and often you're doing this very quickly.

**Connor**: Yeah, here it actually means buy. I'll buy one for you. Usually for something easy, cheap or quick.

**Lisa**: Yeah, like "Let's grab some beer."

**Connor**: Right, that means let's buy some beer. Now, it doesn't mean buy. For example, "Oh, it's cold outside. Grab a jacket."

**Lisa**: Yeah, or grab an umbrella. Okay, but it's a really good thing to say, "Yep, I'll grab one for you" when someone asks you to buy a coffee.

> here’s cont. 这是（here is 的缩写）

**Connor**: Yes, that's very nice, very friendly and because Miles is very friendly, he says, "Thanks. Heres's some money for everything."

**Lisa**: Yeah, so here he says, "Here's some money for everything." So "here's" is "here is." Now, you might already konw "there is, there are." But when use "there," it's for away.

**Connor**: "Here" is closer. For examle, maybe it's in my hand.

**Lisa**: Yeah, here's some money. I'm putting the money in your hand.

**Connor**: And the meaning here actually is "I give you this" or "I will give you this."

**Lisa**: Yeah, like "Here's my number."

**Connor**: Woo, phone number.

**Lisa**: Yeah.

**Connor**: Right, so "here's some money for everything" means "I'm giving you the money."

**Lisa**: That's right, but Sarah sasy, "Oh, don't worry. I'll but it first and then tell you the price."

**Connor**: Oh, tell you the price. This means "tell the price to you." This is also part of our grammar point for today. And that takes us to the end of the dialogue. So, finally, let's look at this **grammar**. So we have "get me a coffee." "get me a sandwich," "tell you the price." Let's finally look at this grammar.

**Lisa**: Yes, let's look at the first one. "Can you get me a coffee?" Now, there's another way we can say this, right? We can also say, "Can you get a coffee for me?"

**Connor**: That's right, so which one is correct? Is "get a  coffee for me" wrong?

**List**: No, both are okay.

**Connor**: So, let's take a look. I can say "get a coffee." "Get" is the verb. "Coffee" is the direct object. So "get me a coffee" has the same meaning. To say this, we put the person after the verb and then finally "coffee" at the end.

**Lisa**: Yes, and when you say "get me a coffee," "me" is the indirect`（ajd. 间接的；迂回的；非直截了当的）` object. The indirect object is usually the person and the direct object is the thing. And when we say it this way, "Can you get me a coffee?" We don't say "to me" or "for me."

**Connor**: Right, "get to me a coffee," "get for me a coffee." No, no, that's not correct.

**Lisa**: Okay, so I'm going to give you a sentence and then we will change it.

**Connor**: Okay.

**Lisa**: Tell a secret to me.

**Connor**: Tell me a secret.

**Lisa**: Give a present to him.

**Connor**: Give hime a present.

**Lisa**: I made a cake for you.

**Connor**: I made you a cake.

**Lisa**: Okay, great! And one more example from our dialogue: tell the price to you.

**Connor**: That is "tell you the price."

**Lisa**: Okay, great! Now we still have more examples for you in the grammar section`（n. 截面；部分；部门；地区；章节）`. So please go ahead and look at that. Now, let's listen to the dialogue one more time.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hey, Miles. I'm doing a coffee run. Do you need anything?  `嗨，Miles。我要去买咖啡，你想要点什么？`

**B**: Sure, thanks. Can you get me a coffee? `好的，谢谢。你能帮我买杯咖啡吗？`

**A**: Of courese. Do you take cream or sugar? `当然。你要加奶油或者糖吗？`

**B**: No, just black. Hmm, can you get me a sandwich, too? `不用了，黑咖啡就可以。能再帮我再买份三明治吗？`

**A**: Yep, I'll grab one for you. `好的，我帮你买一份。`

**B**: Thanks. Here's some money for everything. `谢谢，这是要买东西的钱。`

**A**: Oh, don't worry. I'll buy it first and then tell you the price. `哦，别但系。我先买，回头告诉你价格。`

**B**: Thanks. `谢谢`

------

**Connor**: Okay, we heard that dialogue again. I'd like to know, Lisa, how do you take your coffee?

**Lisa**: Woo, I take my coffee with cream, but no sugar.

**Connor**: Oh, I like my coffee just black.

**Lisa**: Woo, actually this makes me really want to drink coffee. Maybe we should do a coffee run.

**Connor**: Oh, sure. I'll go. I'll grab you a coffee.

**Lisa**: Sounds good. Okay, guys, do you like coffee? Do you do coffee runs?

**Connor**: Practice your English in the comments and we'll talk to you later.

**Lisa**: Yep, see you next time.





































