---
layout:     post
title:      "Morning Coffee"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-03 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 饮食文化




---



# Morning coffee

> 早上来杯咖啡提神醒脑，要加豆奶还是牛奶？想要的东西没有了怎么办？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 8 个词汇**

| 词汇                   | 翻译                           |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| what can I get for you | phr.您需要些什么               |
| latte                  | n.拿铁                         |
| soy milk               | n.豆奶                         |
| that works             | phr.没问题，可以               |
| muffins                | n.松饼                         |
| fresh                  | adj.新鲜的                     |
| what about             | phr.(用于征求意见)....怎么样？ |
| take                   | v.买，要                       |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Connor**: Hello and welcome to OpenLanguage. My name's Connor.

**Lisa**: And my name's Lisa.

**Connor**: Today, we're talking about coffee, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, it's an A2 lesson called "Morning coffee."

**Connor**: Because many people like to drink coffee or tea in the morning.

**Lisa**: Yeah, so today we will learn to talk about drinks and food, and the kind of drinks and food we like.

**Connor**: Uh-huh, right and we have a dialogue between Jerry, he is customer, and an employee at a coffee shop.

**Lisa**: Okay.

**Connor**: All right, let's listen to that dialogue!



### 核心对话

**A**: Good morning. What can I get for you? `早上好。你需要些什么？`

**B**: Can I get a large latte with soy milk? `我能来份大杯拿铁加豆奶吗？`

**A**: I'm sorry. We don't have any soy milk. Is normal milk okay? `对不起，我们没有豆奶了。普通牛奶可以吗？`

**B**: Sure, that works. Do you have any muffins? `好的，没问题。你们还有松饼吗?`

**A**: Yes, we have some fresh chocolate muffins. `是的，我们有一些新做的巧克力松饼。`

**B**: That's a little sweet. What about fruit muffins? `巧克力松饼有点甜。还有水果松饼吗？`

**A**: Yeah, we have banana muffins. `是的，我们有香蕉松饼。`

**B**: Ok, I'll take one of those. `好的，那我来一份香蕉松饼。`



## 03.对话精讲

> what can I get for you `phr. 您需要些什么`

**Lisa**: Okay, we're back and it starts with the worker, right? She says, "Good morning. What can I get for you?"

**Connor**: This is a very good sentence, "what can I get for you?" We use this when we order food or drinks at a store, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, now at a clothing store, often they'll say, "How can I help you?"

**Connor**: That's right. Because they're helping you. Maybe finding clothes or other things like that.

**Lisa**: Yes, but when you're at a cafe, they usually say, "What can I get for you?"

> latte `n.拿铁`

**Connor**: That's right and the answer to that is, "Can I get a large latte with soy`n.大豆；酱油` milk?"

**Lisa**: Mmhm, so "large," of course, is the big size and it comes before the drink "latte."

**Connor**: Now, a latte is like a coffee, but it has lots of milk.

**Lisa**: Yeah, lots of milk and sometimes it's sweet too.

> soy milk `n.豆奶`

**Connor**: Yeah exactly. So the pronunciation of that is /ˈlɑːteɪ/, L-A-T-T-E, and there is milk in it. But in this dialogue, Jerry wants soy milk.

**Lisa**: Yeah, and soy milk is not from a cow. It comes from a plant`n.工厂，车间；植物；设备；庄稼`.

**Connor**: That's right. Yeah, some people don't like cow's milk. They like soy milk. It's from a bean`n.豆`. Like, for example, tofu`n.豆腐` is made of soy`n.大豆；酱油`.

**Lisa**: Yeah, and soy milk is very common in North`n.北方` America, but do they have soy milk at this cafe?

**Connor**: No, they don't. Because we see the worker says this, "We don't have any soy milk. Is normal milk okay?"

**Lisa**: Yes, so "any" here, "we don't have any soy milk" is our grammar point for today. So, we'll talk about that a little bit later.

> that works `phr.没问题，可以`

**Connor**: So there is no soy milk. They have cow's milk and she asks, "Is that okay?" And Jerry says "Sure, that works."

**Lisa**: Yeah, and that means that's fine, right? That's okay.

**Connor**: Yeah, no problem. Some examples of "that works." If you are ordering food at a restaurant, the waiter or server might say, "Oh, we don't have any fish. Is chicken okay?"

**Lisa**: "Yeah, chicken works for me."

**Connor**: Or we also use "that works" when we make plans. For example, "Hey Lisa, how about we meet at 3 pm?"

**Lisa**: "Woo, that doesn't work for me. Is 2 pm okay?"

> muffins `n.松饼`

**Connor**:  "Yep, that works for me." So Jerry is getting normal milk, but he wants another thing. He says, "Do you have any muffins?"

**Lisa**: Woo, I love muffins. So it's like a small sweet cake.

**Connor**: Yeah, it's like a little bit bread and a little bit cake, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, yeah. It's not like a cupcake, right?

**Connor**: No, no, no, no, and there are lots of kinds of muffins. You can usually buy them at coffee shops or bakeries`n.面包店`.

**Lisa**: Yes, so often we have blueberry`n.蓝莓` muffins, banana muffins or carrot`n.胡萝卜` muffins.

**Connor**: Yeah, and in this sentence, you can see that Jerry says, "do you have any...." This word "any" is also in our grammar point. We'll talk about that later now. Now, what does the worker say next?

> fresh `adj.新鲜的`

**Lisa**: She says, "Yes, we have some fresh chocolate muffins."

**Connor**: Okay, fresh. "Fresh" means new. When we talk about food or drinks, "fresh" is good.

**Lisa**: Yeah, when we talk about chocolate muffins that are fresh, we're talking about muffins from the oven`n.炉，灶；烤炉，烤箱`.

**Connor**: Yes, they're still hot. Yeah, other examples of fresh: I like fresh fruit juice.

**Lisa**: Okay or you can just have fresh fruit from the tree.

**Connor**: Yeah, you know I don't like old bread, because it's not fresh.

**Lisa**: Yeah, when it's not fresh, it really doesn't taste good. Okay, but here she said, "We have some fresh chocolate muffins." And "some" is in our grammar point today. So we'll talk about the later.

**Connor**: Now, does Jerry like fresh chocolate muffins?

> what about `phr.（用于征求意见）...怎么样？`

**Lisa**: Well, he says, "That's a little sweet. What about fruit muffins?"

**Connor**: Yeah, now "That's a little..." means too much, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, that's a good way to say your opinion`n.意见；主张`, like "that's a little too salty."

**Connor**: "Woo, tha's a little exoensive`adj.昂贵的；花钱的`. I'll get something cheaper`adj.成本更低，比较便宜的`."

**Lisa**: Yeah. Or going back to drinks. At a cafe, if you get a cold drink, maybe you can say, "Woo, that's a little too much ice!"

**Connor**: Yeah, yeah, I don't like ice in my water. It's a little cold. So Jerry asks this question, "What about fruit muffins?"

**Lisa**: Yeah, so "what about" is used when we give a suggestion`n.建议；示意；微量，细微的迹象`.

**Connor**: Yeah, and when we ask about a different thing, we often say "what about..." For example, "Lisa, can we meet at 3 pm?"

**Lisa**: "Woo, what about 2 pm?"

**Connor**: What about 2 pm? "That works for me." How about... back to our fish example. "Oh sorry, we don't have any fish!"

**Lisa**: "Woo, what about chicken?"

**Connor**: "Yes, we have chicken."

**Lisa**: Okay, now, what about fruit muffins?

**Connor**: Okay, so fruit muffins, yes, they have banana muffins. I love banana muffins.

> take `v.买，要`
>

**Lisa**: They're my favorite too, and it seems like Jerry likes them, too. Because he says, "Okay, I'll take one of those."

**Connor**: Take. "Take" has many meanings. Jerry is not stealing`adj.有偷窃行为的` this muffin. He's going to buy it. 

**Lisa**: Yeah, so if you say "I'll take one," it means I'll have one or I'll buy one.

**Connor**: For example, maybe I go to a restaurant with my friend and I want some wine. I could say, "We'll take two glasses of wine, please."

**Lisa**: Yeah, or maybe if you're shopping for a car, right, they show you a really really nice car and you'll say "I'll take it."

**Connor**: And then you see the price.

**Lisa**: True, true.

**Connor**: Right, but muffins are not expensive and lattles are also not expensive, so he takes those two things and he probably goes to work then.

**Lisa**: Yes, that's right. Now, that is the end of our dialogue. So let's look at out grammar.

**Connor**: Here we go. Okay, grammar time. In this lesson, we say the words "some" and "any."

**Lisa**: So we'll talk about the differences between these two words.

**Connor**: First, let's look at this sentence, "We have some fresh chocolate muffins."

**Lisa**: So we use "some" in sentences after "we have" or "there are" and it means there is more than one, but the number is not important.

**Connor**: Yeah, like, for exapmple, at a store, we don't need to say "We have six or seven or eight fresh chocolate muffins." Just "some muffins" is good.

**Lisa**: Yeah, it's much easier. For example, I have some questions or there is some water.

**Connor**: Yeah, so that is "some." Let's talk about "any." In this sentence, "Do you have any muffins?"

**Lisa**: We say "any" here, because it's a question.

**Connor**: Yeah, exactly. When we want to ask, "is there..." or "do you have..." we say "any."

**Lisa**: "Any" has the same meaning as "some," but we don't say "some" in question.

**Connor**: Right, we say "any," "do you have any..." For example, "Do you have any questions?"

**Lisa**: Or "Do you have any water?"

**Connor**: Yeah, do you have any water? So that's "any" in a question. Now, let's look at this sentence, "We don't have any soy milk."

**Lisa**: So ater the person asks "do you have any...." the answer will always be yes or no.

**Connor**: Right, so in yes answers, we say, "Yes, we have some."

**Lisa**: In no answers, we say, "No, we don't have any."

**Connor**: We don't say "we don't have some." We say "we don't have any."

**Lisa**: For example, I don't have any questions.

**Connor**: Or there isn't any water.

**Lisa**: Okay, but that is the end of our garmmar. Please have a look at the example sentences in the grammar section.

**Connor**: And it's time to listen to the dialogue one more time.

**Lisa**: All right, let's do that.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Good morning. What can I get for you? `早上好。你需要些什么？`

**B**: Can I get a large latte with soy milk? `我能来份大杯拿铁加豆奶吗？`

**A**: I'm sorry. We don't have any soy milk. Is normal milk okay? `对不起，我们没有豆奶了。普通牛奶可以吗？`

**B**: Sure, that works. Do you have any muffins? `好的，没问题。你们还有松饼吗?`

**A**: Yes, we have some fresh chocolate muffins. `是的，我们有一些新做的巧克力松饼。`

**B**: That's a little sweet. What about fruit muffins? `巧克力松饼有点甜。还有水果松饼吗？`

**A**: Yeah, we have banana muffins. `是的，我们有香蕉松饼。`

**B**: Ok, I'll take one of those. `好的，那我来一份香蕉松饼。`

------

**Connor**: Okay, we heard that dialogue agarin between the worker and Jerry. Lisa, do you always drink a morning coffee?

**Lisa**: I always drink a morning coffee and I love lattes, but not with soy milk.

**Connor**: Ah, yes. I always like to have fresh muffins in the morning with my coffee.

**Lisa**: Hmm, the best. What about you guys? What do you like to have in the morning? Do you drink coffee? Do you have lattes or do you like muffins?

**Connor**: Let us know. Practice your English in the comment or a question and we'll talk to you next time.

**Lisa**: Yep, see you then.