---
layout:     post
title:      "Going clubbing"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-14 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 休闲娱乐




---



# Going clubbing

> 出去玩碰到不认识的人搭讪总是会觉得尴尬。怎样开启一段不尴尬的对话？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 6 个词汇**

| 词汇          | 翻译                               |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| go clubbing   | phr.泡吧，去夜店                   |
| DJ            | n.（夜店、酒吧等场所的）打碟工作者 |
| cocktails     | n.鸡尾酒                           |
| on me         | phr.我请客                         |
| dance floor   | n.舞池                             |
| two left feet | phr.四肢不协调                     |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Connor**: Hello, and welcome to OpenLanguage. This is Connor.

**Adam**: And this is Adam.

**Connor**: Today, we have an elementary`adj.基本的；初级的` lesson for you. And this is really good if you like to meet people and if you like dancing.

**Adam**: Yes, exactly. Because today we are going clubbing.

**Connor**: To a night club.

**Adam**: Yeah, maybe even a dance club.

**Connor**: On, sounds fun. So we have a dialogue with Joey and Stacey and they're talking about the club.

**Adam**: Okay, well, let's go ahead and see what Joey and Stacey have to say.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hi there. I'm Joey. Do you come here often? `嗨你好，我是 Joey。你经常到这儿来吗？`

**B**: Hi, I'm Stacey. I don't really go clubbing. It's my first time here! `嗨，我是 Stacey。我其实不怎么来夜店。这是我第一次来这儿！`

**A**: I see. The DJ is great, and they have the best cocktails. `明白了。这个 DJ 很棒，而且这里有最好的鸡尾酒。`

**B**: Cool! Next drink is on me! `酷！下杯酒算我的！`

**A**: Oh, thanks! Did you come with friends? `哦，感谢！你是和朋友一起来的吗？`

**B**: Yes. They're on the dance floor, but I have two left feet. `是的。他们在舞池，不过我四肢不协调。`

**A**: That's okay. It's easy! I'll show you! `没关系的。跳舞很简单的！我跳给你看！`



## 03.对话精讲

**Connor**: Okay, so we just heard that conversation between Joey and Stacey. First of all, Joey says, "Hi there, I'm Joey. Do you come here often?"

**Adam**: Great line. Do you come here often?

**Connor**: Yeah, and actually Adam you said "often", but I said "of-ten".

**Adam**: Of-ten, yes, same thing.

**Connor**: It is the same thing. The spelling is O-F-T-E-N, but it does not matter.

> go clubbing `phr.跑吧，去夜店`

**Adam**: Right exactly, what matters is that Stacey doesn't really go clubbing.

**Connor**: Right, so go clubbing, this is a phrase, it means she doesn't go to clubs.

**Adam**: Right, very often.

**Connor**: Yes so we often use this "go verb-ing". For example, go shopping.

**Adam**: Exactly, go sking`v.滑雪（ski 的 ing 形式）`.

**Connor**: Exactly, so she says "I don't really go clubbing", which means just not much.

**Adam**: Sometimes, sometimes goes clubbing. But if she said "I don't go clubbing" that means never.

**Connor**: Never exactly yeah.

**Adam**: But saying "I don't really do something", just means I only sometimes do it.

**Connor**: Yes, so that's why she says "It's my first time here."

**Adam**: Okay, so maybe it's a new club, maybe it's someone's birthday who knows, but in any case, this is a great phrase.

**Connor**: Yes, it's my first time. If somebody asks you, "Have you been here before?" You can say this, "it's my first time here."

**Adam**: Exactly, but you don't need to only use this phrase when someone is asking if it's your first time here. You can also use it to say "it's your first time doing something."

**Connor**: Right. Or it's my first time going shopping.

**Adam**: Right exactly. The most important thing is that we don't say "it's my first time to go shopping" or "my first time to go clubbing".

**Connor**: No no no. It's my first time going clubbing.

**Adam**: It's my first time going clubbing with Connor.

> DJ `n.（夜店、酒吧等场所的）打碟工作者`

**Connor**: Yeah, wow. That's a really good DJ sound.

**Adam**: Thank you, thank you. Okay, so DJ of course this person is usually very very famous at the club or very important I should say.

**Connor**: Yeah, because they control the music. Yes, the music guy.

**Adam**: Yeah, exactly. Now I love music, I love playing music, so it was difficult to be a DJ. Now if you have an iPhone, yeah, you can be a DJ.

**Connor**: Right that's the important thing a DJ needs a computer right and DJ it just means disc jockey.

**Adam**: Disc jockey, yeah. We don't need to spend too much time on that. "Disks" used to be the way we listen to music and "jockey" just kind of means to make it go.

> cocktails `n.鸡尾酒`

**Connor**: To make it happen, yeah, make the music happen, but, so the DJ is great there but the club also has the best cocktails.

**Adam**: The best. Okay, this sounds better to me because again I think all DJs, they're pretty much the same, cocktails though.

**Connor**: They are good. So a cocktail, it's not beer, it's not wine. My favorite cocktail is maybe like a Martini.

**Adam**: Yeah I like Old Fashion.

**Connor**: Oh, Old Fashion, so other popular cocktails are like Margarita.

**Adam**: Yeah, oh, that's a good one. At clubs, they usually have Long Island ice tea as well.

**Connor**: Oh, that one is so popular.

**Adam**: It's very strong though. Be careful.

> on me `phr.我请客`

**Connor**: Yes exactly. It's very strong. Now Stacey, she seems really nice, because she says "Next drink is on me."

**Adam**: Okay, does that mean that Joey spilled his drink on her?

**Connor**: No, this is a really common phrase. It just means I'll buy the next drink for you.

**Adam**: Right and we don't only need to use this for drinks. It could be for anything.

**Connor**: Right, it could be for dinner. You could have dinner with a friend, and say "Hey, it's your birthday. So dinner is on me."

**Adam**: Dinner is on me. What I like doing with my friend, just to be fair, is maybe dinner can be on Connor, but then after dinner drinks maybe cocktails wiil be on me.

**Connor**: Yeah, it's a great way to be friendly.

**Adam**: Right, and speaking of "friendly", Joey asks Stacey, did she come with friends? And she did. Yes, but they're all on the dance floor. So a floor, that's like a ground but inside.

**Connor**: Inside right. It might be wood or something else. But in a club, the dance floor is the place where everyboby dances.

**Adam**: Right exactly, and we hear the phrase "dance floor" in so many songs.

**Connor**: Yeah, I'll see you on the dance floor.

**Adam**: On the dance floor, on the dance floor. Yeah, so the dance floor is usually pretty busy. There're lots of people dancing on it, but you know not everybody goes to clubs to dance.

**Connor**: Right, maybe they can't dance.

**Adam**: Maybe not, and we have a great expression`n.表现，表示；语句，措辞，说法` to describe those people who can't really dance, tight?

> two left feet `phr.四肢不协调`

**Connor**: Yeah, if you can't dance you can say "I have two left feet."

**Adam**: Two left feet, just basically means we probably can't walk very well, I...

**Connor**: Yeah, I mean this doesn't really mean you have two left feet, it just means I have no talnet to dance, even I can't learn how to dance.

**Adam**: Right, it's like with singing, we say people are tone deaf.

**Connor**: Oh, yeah, that's right. So if you feel like I can never dance, maybe you could say "I have two left feet."

**Adam**: That's right, but Joey doesn't really believe her. I think Joey is very smart here, because many people who say "I have two left feet." They just don't have confidence`n.信心；信任；秘密`.

**Connor**: Right, they're shy.

**Adam**: They're shy, and they just need someone like Joey to show them what to do.

**Connor**: Because it's easy.

**Adam**: It's easy. And the last line in our dialogue is "I'll show you."

**Connor**: Yeah, show her how to dance.

**Connor**: Well, that is the end of our lesson today. Let's take another listen to that dialogue.

**Adam**: Sounds good.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hi there. I'm Joey. Do you come here often? `嗨你好，我是 Joey。你经常到这儿来吗？`

**B**: Hi, I'm Stacey. I don't really go clubbing. It's my first time here! `嗨，我是 Stacey。我其实不怎么来夜店。这是我第一次来这儿！`

**A**: I see. The DJ is great, and they have the best cocktails. `明白了。这个 DJ 很棒，而且这里有最好的鸡尾酒。`

**B**: Cool! Next drink is on me! `酷！下杯酒算我的！`

**A**: Oh, thanks! Did you come with friends? `哦，感谢！你是和朋友一起来的吗？`

**B**: Yes. They're on the dance floor, but I have two left feet. `是的。他们在舞池，不过我四肢不协调。`

**A**: That's okay. It's easy! I'll show you! `没关系的。跳舞很简单的！我跳给你看！`

------

**Connor**: Okay, and we're back. Now, Adam, do you like to go clubbing?

**Adam**: I don't really go clubbing, but I did go on the weekends. And I had a really good time.

**Connor**: Yeah, you know I don't really go clubbing either, but it is fun to go on the dance floor and to buy some cocktails for my friends.

**Adam**: Well, even better. One of my friends, she brought her boyfriend. It was his first time coming to meet us and so all of the drinks were on him. Yeah, he was very generous`adj.慷慨的，大方的；宽宏大量的；有雅量`.

**Connor**: Very very nice, yeah. Alright, well, what about you guys? Do you go clubbing? Or what cocktails do you like to drink?

**Adam**: Or do you know any good DJs? Are you a DJ?

**Connor**: Maybe you are. Leave us a comment or a question and until next time we'll talk to you later.

**Adam**: See you guys. See you guys.