---
layout:     post
title:      "Would you like a drink?"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-06-26 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 基本社交




---



# Would you like a drink?

> 客人来家里怎么招待？先问问要喝点什么吧！如何询问客户要喝点什么？怎么介绍？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 8 个词汇**

| 词汇          | 翻译           |
| ------------- | -------------- |
| come over     | phr.过来       |
| apartment     | n.房子（公寓） |
| comfortable   | adj.舒服自在的 |
| juice         | n.果汁         |
| soda          | n.苏打，苏打水 |
| snack         | n.小吃，零食   |
| chips         | n.炸薯片       |
| be right back | phr.马上回来   |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Johnny**: Hey guys, welcome back to OpenLanguage. This is your host Johnny.

**Lisa**: And this is Lisa, and today we have an A2 lesson called "Would you like a drink?"

**Johnny**: Yeah. "Would you like something." we use this to offer`vt.提供；出价；试图` someone a drink or some food.

**Lisa**: Like when your friends come over to your house or when you're at a party.

**Johnny**: So today we'll learn to use this question to offer food and drinks.

**Lisa**: Okay, so in the dialogue, we have two friends: Mike and Jeff, and Mike is visiting Jeff.

**Lisa**: Now, let's listen to the dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hey Mike, it's great you could come over. Please, have a seat. `嘿，Mike, 你能来真好。请，随便坐。`

**B**: Thank you. I love your apartment. It's so big and comfortable. `谢谢， 我特别喜欢你的新公寓，又宽敞又舒适。`

**A**: Thanks. Would you like a drink? I have juice, soda and wine. `谢啦，你想喝点什么吗？我这有果汁，苏打水和葡萄酒。`

**B**: I'll have some juice, please. `请给我来点果汁。`

**A**: Sounds good. Would you like a snack, too? I just bought some chips. `好的，你还想吃小零食吗？我刚买了些薯片。`

**B**: Oh, I'm ok. I already ate. `噢，不用啦。我已经吃过了。`

**A**: Okay. I'll be right back with your drink. `好吧，我马上就带着你的饮料回来。`



## 03.对话精讲

**Johnny**: We're back. Our dialogue starts today with Jeff saying....

> come over `phr.过来`

**Lisa**: Hey Mike, it's great you could come over. Please, have a seat.

**Johnny**: If someone comes over, they visit your house, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, I can say "Connor came over yesterday," and this means Connor visited my house yesterday.

**Johnny**: If someone comes over, you do stuff`n.东西；材料；填充物；素材资料；vt.塞满；让吃饱；vi.吃得过多` together, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, you can talk. You can watch TV. You can eat some food. There's lots of things you can do when someone comes over.

**Johnny**: I can say "Adam came over to watch a movie."

**Lisa**: Yes, if someone comes over to do something, we use the world "to."

**Johnny**: I can also say, "Spencer came over to eat food last night."

**Lisa**: Connor came over to show me his holiday pictures.

**Johnny**: Oh, nice. And if someone comes over, it's nice to sit down.

**Lisa**: So you can say "Please, have a seat." This just means "please sit down."

**Johnny**: Jeff sounds very polite.

**Lisa**: Yeah, he's a good host`n.主机；主人；主持人；许多`.

> apartment `n.房子（公寓）`

**Johnny**: Nex, Mike says "Thank you. I love your new apartment. It's so big and comfortable."

**Lisa**: This is a nice thing to say when you first visit someone's new apartment.

**Johnny**: Yeah, Mike is being polite, too. Let's look at this world "apartment."

**Lisa**: An apartment is usually in a large building.

**Johnny**: Yeah, an apartment building.

**Lisa**: Yeah, so there are many different floors, right? First floor, second floor, third floor, and people live in these apartment buildings.

**Johnny**: My apartment is on the twentieth`adj.第二十的` floor. What about you, Lisa?

**Lisa**: My apartment is on the second floor.

**Johnny**: Well, my apartment is close to the subway station.

**Lisa**: Nice. My apartment is big and comfortable.

**Johnny**: Hey, that's just`adv.只是，仅仅；刚才，刚刚；正好，恰好；实在；刚要` like Jeff's apartment.

> comfortable `adj.舒服自在的`

**Lisa**: That's right. Now let's talk about the world "comfortable."

**Johnny**: If something is comfortable, it makes you feel good.

**Lisa**: Like, a nice sweater`n.毛线衣，运动衫` is comfortable. A bed is comfortable and good shoes are comfortable.

**Johnny**: Definitely`adv.清楚地，当然；明确地，肯定地`. If something is not comfortable, we say it's uncomfortable.

**Lisa**: That's right. Let's look at the pronunciation. It's not come-for-table.

**Johnny**: No, it's not. It's comfortable /ˈkʌmfɚt̬əbəl/.

**Lisa**: Comfortable. Back to our dialogue, a good way to make someone comfortable is to offer them a drink.

> juice `n.果汁`

**Johnny**: That's what Jeff does next, he says "Thanks. Would you like a drink? I have juice, soda and wine."

**Lisa**: Yeah, and this is our grammar point for today: "Would you like....?" So we'll talk a little bit more about that later.

**Johnny**: Sounds good. Right now, let's look at the first drink Jeff offers: juice.

**Lisa**: Juice is a drink made from fruit. We pronounce it juice /dʒuːs/.

**Johnny**: Right. And there are many type of juice, like apple juce, grape`n.葡萄` juice or my favorite, orange juice.

**Lisa**: Yeah, and juice is a great thing to offer your guets`n.客人；来宾`. What other drink does Jeff have?

> soda n.苏打；苏打水

**Johnny**: He has soda and wine.

**Lisa**: Okay, so soda is like Coca-Cola, Sprite`n.妖精，精灵；鬼怪；调皮鬼`, those type of drinks, right?

**Johnny**: Yeah. So Americans say "soda," but Canadians`n.加拿大人` say "pop`n.流行音乐；汽水；砰然声；枪击`."

**Lisa**: Exactly. You can have soda in a can`n.罐头，开罐器`, a bottle or a glass.

**Johnny**: But it looks like Mike doesn't want soda, what does he say?

**Lisa**: He says "I'll have some juice, please."

> snace `n.小吃，零食`

**Johnny**: Okay, and Jeff says "Sounds good. Would you like a snack, too? I just bought some chips."

**Lisa**: So we are repeating this question "would you like....," but what is he offering here?

**Johnny**: He is offering a snack. A snack is a small thing that we eat.

**Lisa**: There is breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and there are all meals, but snacks are different. A snack is what we eat between those meals.

**Johnny**: A healthy snack would be like, fruit, like eating an apple.

**Lisa**: Yes, something small.

**Johnny**: In today's dialogue, it's a noun. It can also be a verb, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, like I could say, "I'm snacking," and this means that you're eating snacks.

**Johnny**: Right, I'm always snacking on fruit.

**Lisa**: And I'm always sancking on cookies. What snacks does Jeff have?

> chips `n.炸薯片`

**Johnny**: Jeff has chips and chips are a snack made from potatoes and they come in a bag. My favorite chips are spicy`ajd.辛辣的；香的，多香料的；下流的` chips.

**Lisa**: Those are good, but you might need a drink afer.

**Johnny**: Yeah, maybe a soda.

**Lisa**: But it looks like Mike doesn't want a snack because he says "Oh, I'm ok. I already ate."

**Johnny**: So he probably ate lunch or dinner before he came to Jeff's house.

**Lisa**: But this is a good sentence:"I already did something."

**Johnny**: It is. I could say "Hey Lisa, do you want to see the new Batman`n.勤务兵，传令兵` movie?"

**Lisa**: Oh sorry, I already saw it.

**Johnny**: Oh, too bad. Lisa. Do you want to go to the gym?

**Lisa**: "Sorry, I already went." So we use "already" when you did this befor. Mike already ate.

> be right back `phr.马上回来`

**Johnny**: And now Jeff will go get him a drink. He says "Okay, I'll be right back with your drink."

**Lisa**: If someone says "I'll be right back," it means "I will return or come back in one or two minutes."

**Johnny**: Exactly, and we use this phrase a lot when we have to go get something.

**Lisa**: Yeah, like "I need to buy a coffee, I'll be right back."

**Johnny**: Or maybe you have to answer a phone call. You can say "I need to answer this call, I'll be right back."

**Lisa**: When we're writing text messages, we are too lazy to write "be right back," so we just say "BRB."

**Johnny**: This is just a short way to write "be right back."

**Lisa**: That is the end of our dialogue. Let's look at the grammar.

**Johnny**: In today's dialogue, we say two questions use "would you like...."

**Lisa**: Yeah, like "Would you like a drink?" and "Would you like a snack, too?"

**Johnny**: And these are great questions to use to offer things like food or drinks.

**Lisa**: Or anything, really.

**Johnny**: Yeah. You could say "do you want," but "would you like" is more polite.

**Lisa**: That's right. So let's give a few more examples of "would you like...."

**Johnny**: Sure. Hey Lisa, would you like some more coffee?

**Lisa**: Oh, yes, please. Hey Johnny! Would you like to come over on Friday?

**Johnny**: Yeah, that sounds like fun. Lisa, would you like to see a movie with me?

**Lisa**: Sure.

**Johnny**: But remember, be careful. The verd after this subject does not change.

**Lisa**: So I can't say "Would she likes some more coffee?"

**Johnny**: No, no, no, no, no. You have to say "Would she like some more coffee."

**Lisa**: Yeah, it's always "would you like," "would she like," "would they like."

**Johnny**: That's it for grammar. Now, let's take one more listen to that dialogue.

**Lisa**: Let's do that.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hey Mike, it's great you could come over. Please, have a seat. `嘿，Mike, 你能来真好。请，随便坐。`

**B**: Thank you. I love your apartment. It's so big and comfortable. `谢谢， 我特别喜欢你的新公寓，又宽敞又舒适。`

**A**: Thanks. Would you like a drink? I have juice, soda and wine. `谢啦，你想喝点什么吗？我这有果汁，苏打水和葡萄酒。`

**B**: I'll have some juice, please. `请给我来点果汁。`

**A**: Sounds good. Would you like a snack, too? I just bought some chips. `好的，你还想吃小零食吗？我刚买了些薯片。`

**B**: Oh, I'm ok. I already ate. `噢，不用啦。我已经吃过了。`

**A**: Okay. I'll be right back with your drink. `好吧，我马上就带着你的饮料回来。`

------

**Lisa**: Okay, we are back, so we learned a lot of good words and a lot of good phrases for when people come over to our home.

**Johnny**: Right, you can be like "Wow. I really like your place." or "Oh, so beatiful!"

**Lisa**: Or even saying "It's great you could come over."

**Johnny**: Yeah. And when people come over we would like to offer them stuff, so we can say "would you like a drink?"

**Lisa**: Would you like a snack?

**Johnny**: Or maybe "Would you like some dinner?"

**Lisa**: Yeah, but we would like to hear from you. What do you normally`adv.正常地；通常地；一般地` offer your friends when they come over?

**Johnny**: Or waht do your friends come over to do? Do they come over to study? Do they come over to wath TV? Let us know.

**Lisa**: Leave a comment or ask a question. And thanks for listening.

**Johnny**: Bye for now.

**Lisa**: See you later.

