---
layout:     post
title:      "We're ready to order"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-07 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 餐厅点餐




---



# We're ready to order

> 开胃菜、主菜、例汤这些你都知道怎么说吗？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 8 个词汇**

| 词汇            | 翻译           |
| --------------- | -------------- |
| ready to order  | phr.可以点餐了 |
| starters        | n.前菜         |
| soup of the day | n.当日例汤     |
| salad           | n.沙拉         |
| mains           | n.主菜         |
| pasta           | n.意大利面     |
| steak           | n.牛排         |
| choices         | n.选择         |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Johnny**: Hey, everyone! Welcome back to OpenLanguage. This is Johnny.

**Lisa**: And this is Lisa.

**Johnny**: Today we have an A2 lesson called "We're ready to order."

**Lisa**: That's right. Because in this lesson, we will learn how to order food at a restaurant.

**Johnny**: Yeah, tha's when we tell the waiter`n.服务员` what we want to eat.

**Lisa**: Exactly, and we will also learn some other great words and phrases we can use when talking to the waiter.

**Johnny**: Yes, and they you can go to an English-speaking restaurant and order anything on the menu.

**Lisa**: OK. Now let's listen to the dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Excuse me, waiter. We're ready to order. `你好，服务员。我们可以点餐了。`

**B**: Great. What would you like for startes? `好的。请问你们需要什么开胃菜呢？`

**A**: I'll have the soup of the day, and she'll have the garden salad. `我要一份今日例汤，给她来份田园沙拉吧。`

**B**: Sounds good. Are you ready to order your mains? `记下来。两位准备好点菜了吗？`

**A**: Sure. Uhh, is there any cheese in the pasta? `可以点了。嗯，意大利面有加芝士吗？`

**B**: Yes, but not much. People really like it. `有点，但是不多。大家都很喜欢吃。`

**A**: Okay. I'll get the pasta, and she'll have the steak. `好。那我要份意大利面，给她来一份牛排。`

**B**: Great. Excellent choices. `好的，您的选择很不错。`



## 03.对话精讲

> ready to order `phr.可以点餐了`

**Johnny**: Okay, we're back. So we're in the restaurant and Tim is ready to order some food. So he says, "Excuse me, waiter. We're ready to order."

**Lisa**: Yeah. So "ready to order," this means you are ready to tell the waiter what you want.

**Johnny**: Exactly. So we can say "We're ready to order drinks" or "We're ready to order lunch."

**Lisa**: Yeah. Or "We're ready to order dinner."

**Johnny**: But if you're by yourself, you would just say "I'm ready to order."

**Lisa**: Yeah, you can also use it in a question: "Can I order now?"

**Johnny**: Or the waiter might say, "Are you ready to order?"

> starters `n.前菜`

**Lisa**: Exactly. Now they are ready to order here. So the waiter says, "Great. What would you like for starters?"

**Johnny**: We all know the word "start," and here "starters" is just the food we eat first.

**Lisa**: We start the meal with starters and this could be soup or maybe salad?

**Johnny**: Yes, something small, something that won't make us full.

**Lisa**: So you could ask questions like "What starters do you have?"

**Johnny**: Or "What starters are good?"

**Lisa**: And what starters does Tim order?

**Johnny**: Well, Tim says "I'll have the soup of the day, and she'll have the garden salad."

**Lisa**: Okay, so "I'll have," this is our first way to order here. "I'll have the soup of the day."

**Johnny**: Yeah. Or "I'll have the noodles."

**Lisa**: Or "I'll have a hamburger."

> soup of the day `n.当日例汤`

**Johnny**: Right. We hear this all the time and it's how we usually order food. So let's look at what Tim orders. He says "the soup of the day."

**Lisa**: So the soup can change every day.

**Johnny**: Right, like Monday might be tomato soup and Tuesday's chicken noodle soup.

> salad `n.沙拉`

**Lisa**: Yeah, so maybe today is Tuesday, so the soup of the day would be chicken noodle soup. But he orders the soup of the day and he also says, "She'll have the garden salad."

**Johnny**: Okay, so this is a plate of vegetables, like lettuce, tomato that we put together, right?

**Lisa**: Yeah, and it's not cooked.

**Johnny**: Right. That's very important. Now let's look at the pronunciation of thsi word.

**Lisa**: Salad /ˈsæləd/.

**Johnny**: So that second "a" kind of sounds like an "i."

**Lisa**: That's right, so we don't say  /ˈsælæd/, right? We say /ˈsæləd/.

**Johnny**: That's right. And salad is usually a starter. I'd say it's a healthy starter.

**Lisa**: It is. And it's also very light. So Tim has ordered the soup of the day and a garden salad. And what does the waiter say next?

> mains `n.主菜`

**Johnny**: He says, "Sounds good. Are you ready to order your mains?"

**Lisa**: After your starters, you have your mains. This is the big dish.

**Johnny**: The main part of our meal. This is what's gonna make us full.

**Lisa**: So a main could be a burger and fries.

**Johnny**: Or just a piece of chicken or some noodles.

**Lisa**: That's right. Now, what does he order for his main?

> pasta `n.意大利面`

**Johnny**: Good question. Well, he doesn't order right away. First, he says, "Sure. Uhh, is there any cheese in the pasta?"

**Lisa**: So he has a question first. Let's look at this word "pasta."

**Johnny**: Okay, so I'm sure most of you have eaten pasta before, and this is just a very popular Italian`adj.意大利的` food.

**Lisa**: Yeah, you have noodles and sauce`n.酱油；沙司；调味汁` . Like spaghetti`n.意大利式面条`.

**Johnny**: RIght. Or fettuccine `n.意大利宽面条`.

**Lisa**: Yeah, exactly.

**Johnny**: And he asks a good question here, "Is there any cheese in the pasta?"

**Lisa**: And we can use this question for a lot of different things, like "Is there any milk in this drink?"

**Johnny**: Or "Is there any chicken in these noodles?"

**Lisa**: That's right. Now here we're asking about cheese. So "Is there any cheese in the pasta?"

**Johnny**: Well, the waiter says, "Yes, but not much. People really like it."

**Lisa**: Okay, "not much" means not a lot, but this is actually our grammar point for today. So we'll talk about that later.

**Johnny**: Great. So what does Tim say next?

**Lisa**: He says, "Okay. I'll get the pasta, and she'll have the steak`n.牛排；肉排；鱼排`."

**Johnny**: All right. So earlier we saw "I'll have the..." And now we see another way to order food. We can say "I'll get the..."

**Lisa**: Yeah, exactly. For example, I'll get the beef burger`n.牛肉汉堡包`.

**Johnny**: Or "I'll get the chicken sandwich."

**Lisa**: Exactly, and it means the same thing as "I'll have..."

> steak `n.牛排`

**Johnny**: Right, so Tim will get the pasta and his friend will have the steak.

**Lisa**: Okay, so steak is beef, right?

**Johnny**: Yeah, it's like a big piece of beef that we cook over fire.

**Lisa**: Okay. And it's spelled S-T-E-A-K. So we say /steɪk/, not /stɪk/.

**Johnny**: Steak /steɪk/.

**Lisa**: That's right. And steak tastes really good.

> choice `n.选择`

**Johnny**: Yeah, it's really delicious. And the waiter says, "Great. Excellent choices."

**Lisa**: So "choices" is the noun and it comes from the verb "to choose."

**Johnny**: Right, "to choose" is the verb form. Now, let's give them an example using the noun and a verb.

**Lisa**: Okay. What ice cream did you choose?

**Johnny**: I choose chocolate ice cream.

**Lisa**: Woo, good choice.

**Johnny**: What ice cream did you choose?

**Lisa**: Uhh, spicy `adj.辛辣的；香的` ice cream?

**Johnny**: Spicy ice cream? That's a bad choice.

**Lisa**: It really was. So we can say excellent choice, good choice or bad choice.

**Johnny**: Or terrible`adj.可怕的；很糟的；令人讨厌的` choice.

**Lisa**: Okay, but that is the end of our dialogue. So let's look at the grammar.

**Johnny**: Sounds good.

**Lisa**: Okay. So in the dialogue, the waiter and customer talk about pasta.

**Johnny**: Right. The customer asks, "Is there any cheese in the pasta?"

**Lisa**: And the waiter says, "Yes, but not much."

**Johnny**: Okay, so in English, we often use "much" to talk about the amount.

**Lisa**: Right, and "much" and "many" both mean "a lot."

**Johnny**: But what's the difference?

**Lisa**: We use "many" with countable nouns. And a countable noun is a person, place or thing we can count. 

**Johnny**: And we can add an "s" too.

**Lisa**: Right. Like kids, books, cars. These are all things that we can count.

**Johnny**: Exactly.

**Lisa**: For example, she has many handbags`n.手提包，手袋`.

**Johnny**: Yeah. "Handbag" is a countable noun. One handbag, two handbags... So we can use "many" before it.

**Lisa**: Yeah. Or "There aren't many trees in this city."

**Johnny**: Right. "Tree" is a countable noun, so again we can use "many" before it.

**Lisa**: Okay, but now let's look at "much." Much is used with uncountable nouns. And an uncountable noun is a person, place or thing we can't count.

**Johnny**: Exactly, like water or money, or in today's dialogue: cheese. We can't count these things.

**Lisa**: And we use it with "too" or "not."

**Johnny**: Like "too much water." So there I'm saying "too much + an uncountable noun."

**Lisa**: Right. Or "not much chees," and this just means not a lot of cheese.

**Johnny**: Okay, but can I say "there's not many cheese in the pasta"?

**Lisa**: No, no, no, no, no. We just say "there's not much cheese" or "there's not a lot of cheese."

**Johnny**: Right, we only use "many" for countable nouns.

**Lisa**: Okay, here are some other examples.

**Johnny**: There isn't much food in the kitchen.

**Lisa**: He drank too much wine at the party. Okay, so "many" is for countable nouns and "much" is for uncountable nouns.

**Johnny**: Exactly. So, take a look in the grammar section and practice useing "much" and "many."

**Lisa**: All right. Now back to our dialogue.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Excuse me, waiter. We're ready to order. `你好，服务员。我们可以点餐了。`

**B**: Great. What would you like for startes? `好的。请问你们需要什么开胃菜呢？`

**A**: I'll have the soup of the day, and she'll have the garden salad. `我要一份今日例汤，给她来份田园沙拉吧。`

**B**: Sounds good. Are you ready to order your mains? `记下来。两位准备好点菜了吗？`

**A**: Sure. Uhh, is there any cheese in the pasta? `可以点了。嗯，意大利面有加芝士吗？`

**B**: Yes, but not much. People really like it. `有点，但是不多。大家都很喜欢吃。`

**A**: Okay. I'll get the pasta, and she'll have the steak. `好。那我要份意大利面，给她来一份牛排。`

**B**: Great. Excellent choices. `好的，您的选择很不错。`

------

**Lisa**: Okay, and we are back. So we learned a lot of good words for ordering food today. But we didn't talk much about calling the waiter.

**Johnny**: Right. So in today's dialogue, Tim said, "Excuse me, waiter."

**Lisa**: Yeah. Now you can say, "Excuse me, waiter." Or just "Excuse me."

**Johnny**: Just don't say, "Waiter, give me food."

**Lisa**: Yeah, don't do that. You could say, "Pardon`n.原谅；赦免；宽恕` me." But it's almost too formal.

**Johnny**: Right, and after we've called the waiter, we can say "I'll have the soup" or "I'll get the hamburger." Both are okay.

**Lisa**:  And, of course, if you want to know what is in the food, you can always say "Is there any cheese in the pasta?" "Is there any chicken in the dish`盘；餐具`?" or "Is there any milk in this drink?"

**Johnny**: Exactly. These are all good phrases and sentences to use in a restaurant.

**Lisa**: Yeah, but what do you guys like to order? Do you like salads? Do you order the soup of the day?

**Johnny**: Yeah, let us know. Leave a comment or if you have any questions, please feel free to ask.

**Lisa**: Yes. And thank you as always for listening. We'll see you next time.

**Johnny**: Bye for now.