---
layout:     post
title:      "Money overseas"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-15 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 个人理财




---



# Money overseas

> 去海外旅游买东西，打开钱包翻了半天也不知道要掏哪一张。这种尴尬想必你也遇到过。



## 01.词汇练习

**共 10 个词汇**

| 词汇        | 音标         | 翻译                                    |
| ----------- | ------------ | --------------------------------------- |
| comes to    | /kʌmz tu/    | v.共计                                  |
| dollars     | /ˈdɑlərz/    | n.美金                                  |
| check       | /ʧɛk/        | v.看一下                                |
| correct     | /kəˈrɛkt/    | adj.对                                  |
| change      | /ʧeɪnʤ/      | n.零钱                                  |
| bills       | /bɪlz/       | n.钞票                                  |
| ones        | /wʌnz/       | n.一个，这个                            |
| cents       | /sɛnts/      | n.(美)分，分币                          |
| makes sense | /meɪks sɛns/ | phr.有道理、说得对                      |
| quarters    | /ˈkwɔrtərz/  | n.(美国或加拿大)25 分的硬币             |
| dimes       | /daɪmz/      | n.一角银币，少数的钱。一毛、10 美分硬币 |
| nickel      | /ˈnɪkəl/     | n.五分硬币（美金）                      |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Connor**: Hello. And welcome back to Open Language. This is Connor.

**Adam**: And this is Adam.

**Connor**: And today, we're talking about your favorite thing ever, money.

**Adam**: Money, money, money, money.

**Connor**: If you go travelling overseas`adv.在海外`, you need to get the different money, right?

**Adam**: Yeah, that's right. And every country, you know, they all use different kinds of money. And there are so many different numbers and names and colors and shapes`n.形状（shape 的复数）；图形；身材` ....

**Connor**: Exactly. So in this dialogue today, we have a customer and a shop assistant`n.助手，助理`. And they're talking about American money.

**Adam**: Ok. And there's a problem.

**Connor**: Yeah, he doesn't quite understand the difference between the money.

**Adam**: Right, exactly. So we often say in English that time is money.

**Connor**: It is.

**Adam**: So let's not waste any time and let's go ahead and listen to that dialogue.

**Connor**: Okay.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hi, there. I'd like to buy this drink. `你好，我要买这个饮料。`

**B**: No problem. That comes to $3.25. `没问题，3.25美元。`

**A**: Oh, I see. Here's three dollars. Let me check If I have correct change. `好的，先给你 3 美元。我再看看有没有正好的零钱。`

**B**: Excuse me, sir, but you just gave me three hundred dollar bills. `但是先生，你刚才给了我三张 100美元的钞票。`

**A**: Oh, really? Oops! They all look the same. `啊，是吗？噢，它们实在看起来太像了。`

**B**: You only need three ones and twenty-five cents. `你只需要给我三张一美元和 25 美分。`

**A**: Ah, that makes sense. I don't think I have any quarters. `哦，是的。但我好像没有 25 美分的硬币。`

**B**: Oh, but I see you have two dimes and a nickel. `但我看到你有两个 10 美分和一个 5 美分。`

**A**: Ah, right. Thank you! `啊对，谢谢你。`



## 03.对话精讲

**Adam**: Okay. So in today's dialogue, maybe we're in a Starbucks or some kind of restaurant.

**Connor**: Yeah. And he wants to buy a drink.

**Adam**: Wants to buy a drink, you know, we all want to buy some drinks every now and again.

> comes to `v.共计`

**Connor**: Yeah. So, the cashier says, "No problem, that comes to $3.25."

**Adam**: What comes?

**Connor**: Oh, that is the price, right?

**Adam**: Okay, yeah. So, when we say something comes to, we just mean the total is.

**Connor**: Yes, how much is it?

**Adam**: Because in America and in Canada, the price that you see on something is not the price that you pay.

**Connor**: Because there's that favorite thing we call tax.

**Adam**: Tax, exactly. Now, if you go to Eurpe`n.欧洲` and a lot of other places, the tax will already be included in the price.

**Connor**: Right, that's nice. So there's no surprise.

**Adam**: There's no surprise. So, again, you can say it comes to `$3.25`, you could say your total is `$3.25`. It just means this is what you have to pay now.

**Connor**: Right. And we don't usually say dollars, we just say the number, right?

**Adam**: Right. So `$3.25`, `$4.50`, higher numbers, it would be the same thing. That would be `$10.17.`

> cents `n.分`

**Connor**: Yeah. Like ten dollars seventeen cents. It's too long, right?

**Adam**: It's too long, exactly. And just most importantly, no one would ever say three dollars twently-five cents.

**Connor**: Alright. So, the customer, he's got to pay three dollars, so he says, "Here's three dollars."

**Adam**: Okay. So a lot of you guys might be wondering`v.想知道（wonder 的 ing 形式）；惊奇` why, why is he saying "here is three dollars", you know, you have to say here are three birds, here are three trees.

**Connor**: Right, yeah, but in this case, when we talk about money, it's one price. So, we just say here is.

> dollars `n.美金`

**Adam**: Right, exactly, exactly. Now, of course, dollar. I don't think there are many people in this world that don't know what a dollar is, but just remember that many countries use the dollar, but they are different dollars.

**Connor**: Yeah, yeah. The value is different, right? Canadian dollars, American dollars. What, what other countries?

**Adam**: Australia`n.澳大利亚`, New Zealand`n.新西兰`, yeah, lots of, lots of countries.

> check `v.看一下`

**Connor**: So he still has to pay twenty-five cents, he's going to check if he has the correct change.

**Adam**: Ok, very quickky, check. It means to look.

**Connor**: To look, to see, make sure....

**Adam**: Yeah, to make sure. So her Connor, did you bring the microphone today?

**Connor**: Well, I think so, but let me check.

**Adam**: Let me check, haha.

> correct `adj.对`
>
> change `n.零钱`

**Connor**: Right. So, correct change, we all know if we're doing a test, you know, the answer is correct or incorrect. Here it's kind of a similar idea like is it the twenty-five cents that he must pay.

**Adam**: Right. Now, interestingly`adv.有趣地` enough here, change has so many different meanings.

**Connor**: When it comes to money.

**Adam**: Right. Here change is just coins, right?

**Connor**: It's coins. So you know, you could go, you could take one dollar and you can ask someone, "Hey, could you change this for me? And the meaning is "Can you give me some change?"  

**Adam**: Right. Give me some coins`n.硬币（coin 的复数）`.

**Connor**: Some coins, exactly, yeah.

**Adam**: So, he's checking if he has twenty-five cents, coins, right?

**Connor**: Right, the correct change.

**Adam**: The correct change. And we also sometimes say this like.... Well, when we used to get on the bus, we  had to "pay exactly."

**Connor**: I don't know. Two dollars and seventy five cents.

**Adam**: Wow! It's been a long time since you've been`v.是，有（be的过去分词）` on the bus.

**Connor**: Yeah, it's going up, right?

**Adam**: Right. In that case, we usually say exact change.

**Connor**: Right. Because you have to pay exactly. They're not gonna give you money if you paid too much.

**Adam**: Right, right. So keep that in mind, it's usually correct change at a store where they can give you some money back, and on the bus or some, you know, the boat`n.小船，轮船`, I guess it's exact change.

**Connor**: Right. But sometimes when the shop assistant or the cashier gives you too much change, what would we say in tha case?

**Adam**: I would say awesome. And run away. But if they gave me too little change, I might say, "Are you giving me the wrong change?"

**Connor**: Right, yeah. And we could even make it more polite, like I think you gave me the wrong change.

**Adam**: I think maybe you gave me the wrong change, maybe.

**Connor**: Just maybe.

**Adam**: Yeah. I wouldn't say maybe, but like Connor, I would say I think you gave me the wrong change.

**Connor**: Yeah. Just because you know, we're all human, we make mistakes sometimes.

**Adam**: Sure, sure, sure.

**Adam**: Now, of course, we have been talking about change, talking about these coins. Let's take a little break from that and talk about the ones and the tens and the hundreds.

> bills `n.钞票，纸币`

**Connor**: Yeah. Those are called bills.

**Adam**: The bills.

**Connor**: Right. Just paper money.

**Adam**: Right. Now, again, all countries have paper money in a hundred. A hundred dollars in Canada is not quite as good as a hundred dollars in America, but it's still, it's pretty nice.

**Connor**: Oh, there was one time when it was about the same.

**Adam**: And it will happen again.

**Connor**: I hope so, yeah.

**Connor**: Though it looks like the gave the cashier three hundred dollar bills. Yeah. And maybe that's because they all look the same.

**Adam**: Yeah. Well, American money used to always look the same.

**Connor**: Yeah, it was all just green and white.

**Adam**: Right. But in Canada, our money was always different colors.

**Connor**: Yeah, so it's easy to find if it's in your wallet or your purse.

**Adam**: Right, yeah. And I mean I understand this, because even though you can see, you know, it says on the bill one hundred, or one. Yeah, you just, you're not, you're not used to it, and probably at the Starbucks, there's a big line up of people behind, you know, saying, "Hey, hurry up, hurry up."

**Connor**: Yeah. So you, it's easy to make a mistake.

**Adam**: Yes, exactly, exactly.

> ones `n.一个，这个`

**Connor**: But in any case, the cashier here says, "You only need three ones and twenty-five cents."

**Adam**: Ok. So we have not had a one dollar bill in Canada for many years.

**Connor**: That's right, yes. And I don't know, I think in the States`n.州，国家`, they still have the ones.

**Adam**: One dollar bill. Yeah, exactly, yeah. Now, keep in mind that one dollar equals one hundred cents.

**Connor**: That's right, yes. And that makes sense actually.

**Adam**: That makes sense, yeah, exactly. So it's really fun here, we have basically two words that have very different meanings, but they sound exactly the same.

> makes sense `phr.有道理、说得对`

**Connor**: Right, exactly. And in this expression, that makes sense. It means oh, it's easy to understand.

**Adam**: Yeah, exactly, exactly.

**Connor**: Yeah, if I'm reading something and I just can't understand it, I can say, "Wow, you know this doesn't make sense."

**Adam**: Doesn't make sense.

**Adam**: Yeah, yeah. Or sometimes, like if maybe I tried to write a story using French`n.法语`, but my French is really bad, a French person will say, "This doesn't make sense."

**Connor**: Yeah, you, maybe your French teacher.

**Adam**: My French teachers said, "Adam, that doesn't make sense, you should go to China instead."

**Connor**: Alright. So you mentioned that in one dollar, there are one hundred cents. Now, what about twenty-five cents?

**Adam**: Twenty-five cents, that is called a quarter.

**Connor**: Right. If you like math, that means one fourth.

**Adam**: One fourth, yeah. Twenty-five percent.

**Connor**: Right. Ok, so it's a little confusing`adj.混乱的，混淆的；令人迷惑的`, but basically a quarter is the bigger coin.

**Adam**: Yes, yeah, exactly. Now, of course, the next coin on here is the ten cent coin.

**Connor**: Yeah, the dime, these ones are very small and thin`adj.薄的；瘦的`.

**Adam**: Very thin, yeah, ther're very thin. And there, it's weird`adj.怪异的；不可思议的；超自然的` because they are much smaller than the five cent coin.

**Connor**: Yeah. It's, it's kind of backwards.

**Adam**: It's weird, it's just really really weird.

> nickel `n.五分硬币（美金）`
>
> dimes `n.一毛、10 美分硬币（美金）`

**Connor**: Yeah. So the dime is ten cents, the nickel is five cents. So if he wants to make twenty-five cents, he needs two dimes and one nickle.

**Adam**: Right. There are a few, few different ways you can make twenty-five cents there.

**Connor**: Yeah. I mean it's confusing, usually if I need help, I just say, "Hey, can you count this?"

**Adam**: Yeah. Well, this girl is very lucky that this worker here, this cashier is very kind because he actually, you know, probably could have stolen`adj.偷走的` her money.

**Connor**: That's true, yeah, oh yeah.

**Adam**: And I, of course, you know, like you guys are not the only people who are going to other countries and using new money for the first time, I mean I can remember being in France, and I have no idea what the money was.

**Connor**: Oh, yeah. And I remember being in Japan, traveling there, and oh, man, they have so many coins, and the coins are, you know, they're expensive, they're worth a lot of money.

**Adam**: Exactly, exactly. Ok, well, let's go ahead and listen to our customer and our cashier talk about those coins, talk about those dollar dollar dollars, what I need?

**Connor**: Aright, sounds good.



## 04.课程回顾

**Connor**: Alright, guys. So we listen to that dialogue one more time, there is one important coin that we did not say, and that is the penny.

**Adam**: The penny. Yes, the one cent coin.

**Connor**: One cent. It's the smallest`adj.最小的（small 的最高级）`, cheapest`adj.最便宜的（cheap 的最高级）`  coin that you can have and that's why we actually don't have them anymore.

**Adam**: In Canada, we don't have them. That's right. In America, they still use them, but you can't buy anything with the penny.

**Connor**: Right. It's that one that people like throwing`v.扔，掷（thorw 的 ing 形式）` in the garbage.

**Adam**: Yeah, it's, it's true, it's true. But of course, you know, my father, he was kind of angry when they decide to not use the penny.

**Connor**: Because you know, he remembered, "When I was a kid, a penny could buy...."

**Adam**: You go to the movies or something.

**Connor**: You go to the movies, yeah, exactly. And he thinks that not using the penny is a bad thing.

**Adam**: Okay, well, yeah, but I can understand the other side, you know, it's kind of wasteful`adj.浪费的`.

**Connor**: We don't really need it and we're using our credit cards all the time anyway.

**Adam**: Well, that's what's so crazy, so silly`adj.愚蠢的；不明事理的`. So, in our dialogue today, the person says that comes to $3.25.

**Adam**: A lot of the time, it will actually come to three twenty-six, or three twenty-serven, but in Canada, if you are using coins, you don't worry about the six seven eight nine, it's just five, ten, fifteen, twenty.

**Connor**: Yeah, it's kind of strange to a lot of people.

**Adam**: It's two different prices. It's two different prices, so if you are paying with your card, it will come to one price. And if you are paying with coins, it will come to a different price.

**Connor**: Because we don't have pennies.

**Adam**: Because we don't have pennies. I guess and we're just crazy.

**Connor**: A little bit of that, yeah. What about you guys? Have you ever been traveling overseas, and you know, were you confused about spending your money?

**Adam**: Yeah, yeah. Which country do you think has the most beautiful money or the most easy to understand money?

**Connor**: Yeah. I hope you vote`vi.选举，投票` for Canada.

**Adam**: I hope so, too. I hope so, too.

**Connor**: Well, we look forward to seeing your comments, guys. And as always, you can ask us any questions anytime, Until then, we'll talk to you later.

**Adam**: Alright. Bye, guys.

------



## 05.课后讲义

### Supplementary vocabulary/补充词汇

| 词汇       | 音标            | 翻译               |
| ---------- | --------------- | ------------------ |
| coin       | /kɔɪn/          | n.硬币             |
| dollars    | /ɪgˈzækt ʧeɪnʤ/ | 正好的零钱         |
| one fourth | /wʌn fɔrθ/      | 四分之一           |
| correct    | /kæˈʃɪr/        | n.出纳员，收银员   |
| change     | /ˈweɪstfəl/     | adj.浪费的，奢侈的 |



### Expansion/例句

#### change /ʧeɪnʤ/  n.零钱

1. I changed my phone number because I got a new phone.	`我更改了手机号码，因为我买了一部新手机。`
2. I always keep some change in my purse because I might need it. `我钱包里总有一些零钱，因为我觉得可能会用到。`
3. Could you change a twenty dollar bill for two tens? `你可以帮我把这张二十美元换成两张十块的吗？`



#### bills /bɪlz/  n.钞票

1. I don't have any change, only bills. `我没有零钱，我只有整钞。`
2. We asked the server for our bill after finishing our meals. `吃完饭之后我们让服务生把账单给我们。`
3. My phone bill was very expensive. `我的话费太高了。`



#### quarters /ˈkwɔrtərz/  n.(美国或加拿大)25 分的硬币

1. If you have a dollar and three quarters, you can catch the bus. `如果你有 1.75 美元，你就可以乘公交车了。`
2. It was a quearter to twelve when I left the party. `我离开派对的时候是 11 点 45 分。`
3. He cut the apple into four quarters. `他把苹果切成了四块。`



### Grammar/语法

#### Expressions about money （和钱有关的表达）

Money is a very important part of our lives. Because of that, there are many expressions that are about money or have money words. Here are a few: `金钱是我们生活中非常重要的一部分。也正因为如此，我们有很多关于钱的表达方式，也有很多关于钱的词汇。比如：`

- cost a pretty penny - cost a lot of money `花一大笔钱`
- not have a cent - not have any money `没有一分钱`
- a dime a dozen - common and easy to get `不值钱的`
- easy money - money that is easy to earn `容易赚的钱`
- pennies from heaven - getting money that wasn't expected `天上掉馅饼，意外之财`
- penny pincher - a person who is very careful with their money `非常节省的人`

##### Sample sentence

1. It's going to cost a pretty penny to go on vacation. `去度假要花大一笔钱。`
2. Romance books are a dime a dozen, so they don't have much value. `爱情小说比比皆是，没有什么价值。`
3. My friends is a penny pincher. He will never spend any money.  `我的朋友是个小气鬼。他永远不会花钱。`
4. I spent all my money, now I don't have a cent. `我所有钱都花光了，我现在一分钱都没有。`

