---
layout:     post
title:      "There's a package for you"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-01 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 购物时尚




---



# There's a package for you

> 收到快递总会让激动不已！寄快递该怎么寄？快递被送错了怎么办？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 8 个词汇**

| 词汇             | 翻译                 |
| ---------------- | -------------------- |
| package          | n.包裹               |
| front desk       | n.前台               |
| came             | v.来，来到（过去式） |
| take a long time | phr.花了很长时间     |
| mistake          | n.错误               |
| delivery         | n.运送，递运，投递   |
| forms            | n.表格               |
| pack             | v.打包，收拾（行李） |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Adam**: Hey, guys. Welcome back to OpenLanguage. This is Adam.

**Connor**: And this is Connor.

**Adam**: And today we have an A2 lesson called "There's a package for you."

**Connor**: Right, we send packages in the mail all the time.

**Adam**: Right, and people send them to us, too.

**Connor**: Yes, so today we're going to learn some very userful phrases`n.短语；词组；乐句；措词` that we can use to talk about sending packages and paying for pakcages.

**Adam**: Everything about packages.

**Connor**: So int today's dialogue, we have two coworkers, Ben and Annie.

**Adam**: Right, someone has send Annie a package and it has just arrived at the office. Okay, now, let's listen to the dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Annie, John says there's a package for you at the front desk. `Annie, John 说前台有你的包裹。`

**B**: Oh, thanks Ben! My new clothes finally came! `噢，谢谢你，Ben! 我的新衣服终于到了！`

**A**: Did it take a long time? `这花了很长时间吗？`

**B**: Yeah. They made a mistake and sent it to the wrong address. `是的。他们弄错了，把它送到了错误的地址。`

**A**: I need to send a package too. Do they have delivery forms at the front desk? `我也要寄一个包裹。前台有快递单吗？`

**B**: Yes, and they can help you pay for the package and pack it too. `是的，而且他们能帮你进行付款和打包。`

**A**: Okay, I'll go with you then. `好，那我和你一起去。`



## 03.对话精讲

> package `n.包裹`

**Connor**: Okay. We heard that dialogue between Ben and Annie. Ben starts this dialogue. He says, "Annie, John says there's a package for you at the front desk."

**Adam**: Okay, so we don't know who John is. It doesn't matter. All we know is that there is a package for Annie at the front desk.

**Connor**: Right. So a package is usually in a box.

**Adam**: It's a box, right? Of course, people send letters. Some people send letters. We don't really send the letters in a box. We send them in an envelope`n.信封，封皮；`.

**Connor**: An envelope, yes. But a package is usually bigger, right?

**Adam**: Yes, exactly. Now, there is one more thing we should say about package: it's not  /pækeɪdʒ/.

**Connor**: Yes, we say package /ˈpækɪdʒ/.

**Adam**: Package /ˈpækɪdʒ/, right? Not /pækeɪdʒ/.

**Adam**: Now, when you get a package at your office, the package usually goes to the front desk.

> front desk `n.前台`

**Connor**: The front desk is the first place you see when you go into an office.

**Adam**: Right, or a hotel. They also have a front desk there. Actually, many other places also have front desks. A gym might have a front desk.

**Connor**: Yeah, exactly. When you call the doctor, usually the person at the front desk picks up the phone.

> came `v.来，来到（过去式）`

**Adam**: Yes, exactly. Okay, so Annie sounds really happy. There's a package for her at the front desk, so she says, "Oh, thanks, Ben! My new clothes finally came!"

**Connor**: Oh yes, so I know how this feels. This is a very good feeling. My new clothes finally came. "Came" is the past tense of "come."

**Adam**: Right, and it's a word that we often use when we're talking about the mail. Maybe it's a letter in the mail or getting a package. "It finally came."

**Connor**: Yeah, if I sent a package to someone, I might ask them, "Did the package come yet?"

**Adam**: Right, right. Or maybe I might say, "Excuse me, are you Connor? A package came for you."

**Connor**: Oh, thank you!

**Adam**: So, we of course can also use the word "arrvie`vi.到达；成功；达成；出生`." That's fine. But we usually use the word "came."

**Connor**: Sometimes it takes a long time for a package to come.

> take a long time `phr.花了很长时间`

**Adam**: Right, or it never comes. But here we do hear Ben says this phrase, "take a long time."

**Connor**: Yes, we use this phrase all the time. For example, it takes a long time to go to work in the morning.

**Adam**: Yes, if there is a lot of traffic, then the bus will take a long time.

**Connor**: Maybe the bus takes a long time to come.

**Adam**: Maybe your husband takes a long time to get ready.

**Connor**: Oh, yeah.

**Adam**: You know? "Let's go! Let's go!" I really like my hair, so it takes me a long time to do my hair.

**Connor**: But it looks fantastic`adj.奇异的；空想的；异想天开的；古怪的；极好的，极出色的；不可思议的；不切实际的`.

**Adam**: Well, thank you.

> mistake `n.错误`

**Connor**: I bet you did not make a mistake when you did your hair.

**Adam**: I sometimes make a mistake. We all make mistakes and tha's what Annie says in the next line. They made a mistake and sent her package to the wrong address.

**Connor**: Oh, this is never good. Now, a mistake is when you do something that is not right.

**Adam**: Right, it's wrong.

**Connor**: It's wrong.

**Adam**: Right, we all make mistakes. What is very important about this phrase is you can say, "I made a mistake." You can also say, "I made a mistake on my test" or "I made a mistake with the address."

**Connor**: With the address, yes. And like we are English teachers, but we even sometimes make spelling mistakes.

**Adam**: Oh, yeah. I don't like when I make a spelling mistakes, because I feel very dumb`adj.哑的，无说话能力的；不说话的，无声音的`, D-U-M-B. I don't think I made a mistake there.

**Connor**: Yes, so we always have to check our mistakes and fix our mistakes.

> delivery `n.运送，递运，投递`		forms `n.表格`

**Adam**: Yes, that is very true. Okay, so next Ben says, "I need to send a package too." And then he asks, "Do they have delivery forms at the front desk?"

**Connor**: A form first is a piece of paper that you write something on.

**Adam**: Yes, you always need to write information on the paper. And you can go to the doctor's office. They will say, "Could you please take this form and write on this form?" Many places they all have forms. Here we're talking about delivery forms. And this is also going to be our grammar point for today, but we'll talk about that a little bit later.

**Connor**: So, on a delivery form. we wirte our name, our adress, and the other person's addess.

**Adam**: Right and maybe a phone number. And that's probably okay. We don't need to write anything else on the form. Now, do they have forms at the front desk?

**Connor**: Yes, and Annie says, "They can also help you pay for the package and pack it."

**Adam**: Okay, so we have the word "package" and now we have the word "pack."

> pack `v.打包，收拾（行李）`

**Connor**: So they are similar`adj.相似的`, of course. You can pack a package.

**Adam**: Yes, you can pack your school bag before you go to school.

**Connor**: And yes, we even call it a backpack.

**Adam**: I do say a backpack. That's true. We can pack our luggage`n.行李；皮箱` before we travel.

**Connor**: Yeah, "Have you packed your bags for your trip?"

**Adam**: Right, I always wait to pack my bag. Some people pack them very early. I do not do that.

**Connor**: Packing up a package usually means putting tape`n.胶带；磁带；带子；卷尺` around it.

**Adam**: Yes, yes, so it's ready to go!

**Connor**: Yes. So it's ready to send and that's what Annie says. And Ben, he's a nice guy. He says, "I'll go with you."

**Adam**: Yes, he sounds like a really great guy. You know what else sounds great? It's time for the grammar.

**Connor**: Okay, for today's grammar. We say the expression`n.表现，表示，表达；表情，脸色，态度，腔调，声调；式，符号；词句，语句，措辞，说法`, "delivery forms."

**Adam**: Right, now your teachers probably told you that we often put adjectives before nouns.

**Connor**: For example, a red ball.

**Adam**: A happy Connor.

**Connor**: Yeah, or a big tree.

**Adam**: A big tree, a fat dog, anything. It's usually adjective, then noun. But here we see "delivery" and "form."  There are both nouns.

**Connor**: Yeah, this is called a compound`adj.复合的；混合的` noun.

**Adam**: Okay, and we see these all the time, phone number.

**Connor**: Yeah.

**Adam**: Email address.

**Connor**: Yeah, English teacher.

**Adam**: Science`n.科学；技术；学科；理科` teacher.

**Connor**: Yeah, yeah, so a lot of these nouns, they are two words, but sometimes they are put together into one word.

**Adam**: Right, like a keyboard.

**Connor**: Yeah, or notebook.

**Adam**: Right, right, so far so good, but in the dialogue, we don't say delivery form. We say delivery forms. We're talking about more than one.

**Connor**: Yes, so we don't say "deliveries forms."

**Adam**: Right, we don't  say "phones numbers."

**Connor**: Yeah, so why don't we do this? Well, we don't say the "bigs tress."

**Adam**: Right, or the "blues skies."

**Connor**: Yes, the first word doesn't need an "s,"  only the second word.

**Adam**: Right, so college student is not going to be "college students." It would just be college students.

**Connor**: Yes, exactly. A dinner table is not "dinners tables."

**Adam**: Right, right, right. Okay, guys, that's it for the grammar for today. If you would like to see more examples, please have a look at the grammar section on the app.

**Connor**: Okay and let's listen to that dialogue one more time.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Annie, John says there's a package for you at the front desk. `Annie, John 说前台有你的包裹。`

**B**: Oh, thanks Ben! My new clothes finally came! `噢，谢谢你，Ben! 我的新衣服终于到了！`

**A**: Did it take a long time? `这花了很长时间吗？`

**B**: Yeah. They made a mistake and sent it to the wrong address. `是的。他们弄错了，把它送到了错误的地址。`

**A**: I need to send a package too. Do they have delivery forms at the front desk? `我也要寄一个包裹。前台有快递单吗？`

**B**: Yes, and they can help you pay for the package and pack it too. `是的，而且他们能帮你进行付款和打包。`

**A**: Okay, I'll go with you then. `好，那我和你一起去。`

------

**Adam**: Okay, and we are back. So today, we talked a lot about sending packages.

**Connor**: And we talked about what you can say when you packags comes.

**Adam**: Right, or when your friend's pakage comes, right?

**Connor**: Yes, do you send packages often?

**Adam**: I don't, but I receive, I get a lot of packages.

**Connor**: Oh, oh, you have a lot of friends.

**Adam**: A lot of friends. They are called Taobao.

**Connor**: So we would like to hear about you guys. Do you send packages or what do you pack in your packages?

**Adam**: Right, what kinds`n.种类` of packages do you usually get?

**Connor**: Yes, let us know by leaving a comment or you can ask a question. Thanks for listening and we'll talk to you later.

**Adam**: All right, bye guys.

