---
layout:     post
title:      "Paying at the stroe"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2020-07-10 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 购物时尚




---



# Paying at the store

> 买东西该怎么确认价格？怎么询问支付方式？小票要不要？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 8 个词汇**

| 词汇        | 翻译                 |
| ----------- | -------------------- |
| check       | v.检查，核对         |
| on sale     | phr.促销，减价，打折 |
| total       | n.总额；总数         |
| comes to    | v.共计，总共         |
| credit card | n.信用卡             |
| machine     | n.机器               |
| sign        | v.签名               |
| receipt     | n.收据               |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身 

**Lisa**: Hey, guys! Welcomet back to OpenLanguage. This is Lisa.

**Adam**: And this is Adam.

**Lisa**: Today, we have an A2 lesson called "Paying at the store."

**Adam**: That's right. So before we were talking about looking for things in the store, but now we have to pay for them.

**Lisa**: Yes, so we're also talking about using big numbers, so you don't want to miss that.

**Adam**: Right. So in today's dialogue, we have a customer and a salesperspon. This sounds very familar`adj.熟悉的；常见的；亲近的`.

**Lisa**: Yeah, a little like our other lesson. Now, let's listen to our dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hi, can you check the price of this dress for me? `嗨，你能帮我看看这件裙子的价格吗？`

**B**: Sure... It's seventy-five, but it's on sale for fifty dollars. `好的...75美元，但现在促销，价格是 50 美元。`

**A**: Great. I'll take that and these two shirts. `太好了。我要这件裙子和这两件衬衫。`

**B**: Of course. The total comes to a hundred and thirty-five dollars. `当然可以。总共是 135美元。`

**A**: Great. Can I pay by credit card? `好的。我可以用信用卡付款吗?`

**B**: Yes. Here's the machine. Please sign here. `可以。这是刷卡机。请在这里签字。`

**A**: OK, can I get a receipt? `好的，可以给我收据吗？`

**B**: Sure thing. Here you go. Have a nice day! `当然。收据给您。祝您有个愉快的一天！`



## 03.对话精讲

> check `v.检查，核对`

**Lisa**: We are back. So it starts with Karen and she is at a store. Now she's holding a dress and she asks the salesperson, "Hi, can you check the price of this dress for me?"

**Adam**: Okay, so "check" is a word that has many meanings`n.含义；价值（meaning 的复数）` in English, but here it means "look."

**Lisa**: Yeah, can you look at the price of this dress on your computer?

**Adam**: Right. Actually, we use computers to check a lot of things or I do anyway. I use my computer to check the weather.

**Lisa**: Or you could check the date.

**Adam**: Ah, you're right, I don't know if June 20th is a Monday or a Tuesday. I need to check the date.

**Lisa**: Yeah. And, of course, at a store, you can check the price.

**Adam**: Right.

**Lisa**: And we always check the price of something.

**Adam**: Exactly. So, the salesperson checks the price and it sounds like it's seventy-five dollars, wow.

> on sale `phr.促销，减价，打折`

**Lisa**: Yeah, but it's on sale for fifty dollars.

**Adam**: Okay, well, that's good news! I love these two little words, "on sale."

**Lisa**: Yeah, it just means it's cheaper right now.

**Adam**: Right now. That's important. That's very, very important because a sale, which is a noun, is usually only for a short time.

**Lisa**: Yeah, that's right. And we always say that something is on sale.

**Adam**: Right. So you can say it's on sale and stop, or you can say it's on sale for fifty dollars.

**Lisa**: Yeah. It's on sale for today.

**Adam**: Yeah, so hurry, hurry, hurry`n.匆忙，急忙`! Of course, you can also after you go home, tell your friends "I bought it on sale."

**Lisa**: That's right. Beacause "sales," that is the noun, are great.

**Adam**: So Karen says, "Great. I'll take that and these two shirts."

> total `n.总额，总数`

**Lisa**: Okay, so she's buying three things here and the salesperson says, "Of course. The total comes to a hundred and thirty-five dollars."

**Adam**: Wow, Karen is rich. Now "the total," this basically means all of the things together.

**Lisa**: Yeah, the dress and the two shirts, everything.

**Adam**: Everything. So when you are buying something, the total is a very important number.

**Lisa**: Yes, it is the price of everything.

**Adam**: Everything. Right.

**Lisa**: And here, that is a hundred and thirty-five dollars.

**Adam**: Okay. Now the salesperson could say "The total is a hundred and thirty-five dollars." That's okay. But he doesn't say "the total is," does he?

**Lisa**: No. He says "the total comes to," and this has the same meaning.

> comes to `v.共计，总共`
>

**Adam**: Right. You could say "the total is" or "the total comes to." Please don't ask what "comes to" means because we are only going to say it means "is."

**Lisa**: Yes, now you could say "the total comes to," or you can say "it comes to."

**Adam**: Right, and you can use "comes to" in a question, but in a question, we have to change it a little bit. How much does it come to?

**Lisa**: That's right. Okay. So how much does it come to?

**Adam**: Well, it's a hundred and thirty-five dollars.

**Lisa**: Okay, so a big number here. This is going to be our grammar point for today. So we'll talk about it a little later.

> credit card `n.信用卡`

**Adam**: Okay, so Karen, because she's rich, she doesn't care. This is a hunded and tirty-five dollars. It doesn't  matter. She says "Great. Can I pay by credit card?"

**Lisa**: Yeah, so a credit card is like a visa.

**Adam**: It is not your money. It's the bank's money or vias's money, but you can use it.

**Lisa**: Yeah, and cards are kind of bad, right? Because it's really easy to spend money when you have a card.

> machine `n.机器`

**Adam**: Right, and again, it is not your money. It's very easy to spend another person's money. And if you show the salesperson your credit card, he or she will probably say someting like, "Here's the machine."

**Lisa**: Yeah, so the machine. Okay, let's look at "machine" first. So computers are machines.

**Adam**: Right. There are so many machines. Cars, everything, your phone is a machine. But here we're not talking about "a machine," we're talking about "the machine."

**Lisa**: Yes, "the machine." This is what you use when you're paying by card.

**Adam**: Yes, so if you are at a restaurant, maybe the waitress will say, "Are you paying by card?" "Yes." "Well, I will get the machine."

**Lisa**: Yeah. Or they might just ask you, "Do you need the machine?"

**Adam**: Yes, that's right! That's right! Now the machine is great. It makes our life very very good, but sometimes you still need to sign.

**Lisa**: Yeah, you need to put your name on a piece`n.块；件` of paper.

**Adam**: Right, you can sign your name on a book if you are famous.

**Lisa**: Yeah, or you can sign picktures of yourself, but sometimes you have to sign receipts.

> receipt `n.收据`

**Adam**: Right, so the machine wiil often give you a recepit. Of course. We all konw what a receipt is. We've all seen many of them before, but did you know that we do not say receipt (/rɪˈsiːpt/)?

**Lisa**: Yeah, we don't say that "P." So it's just receipt  (/rɪˈsiːt/).

**Adam**: Receipt. Can I get a receipt? Or the salesperson might say, "Would you like a receipt?"

**Lisa**: That's right. And Karen wants the receipt and the salesperson says, "Sure thing. Here you go. Have a nice day!"

**Adam**: Okay. So we are the end of our dialogue, which means it's time for grammar.

**Lisa**: Today, we are talking about numbers over a hundred.

**Adam**: Okay. So, of course, a hundred, this comes after ninety-seven, ninety-eight, ninety-nine, a hundred.

**Lisa**: Yes, and we use the word hundred, number, and then hundred.

**Adam**: Right. So in our dialogue, we see a hundred, but people will also say one hundred. I think one hundred is a little more formal than a hundred.

**Lisa**: Yeah, most people just say "a hundred."

**Adam**: A hundred. "Here's a hundred dollars." "Thank you."

**Lisa**: Yeah, or two hundred.

**Adam**: Oh, or three hundred.

**Lisa**: Yeah. The numbers keep going up, but we don't say two hundreds.

**Adam**: No, there's no "s" here. Remember a hundred is a number. It's the same as one, two, three, fours, fives and we don't say hundreds.

**Lisa**: Yes, that's right. Now in the dialogue, we heard a hundred and thirty-five.

**Adam**: Okay, so we actually get this qeustion a lot. So one hundred and thirty-five. Can we say a hundred thirty-five?

**Lisa**: You can, but if you're writing it, it's better to write "a hunred and thirty five."

**Adam**: Okay, so let's give a few more examples. Two hundred and twenty.

**Lisa**: Or two hundred twenty.

**Adam**: Four hundred and ninety-nine.

**Lisa**: Four hundred ninety-nine.

**Adam**: Eight hundred and seventeen.

**Lisa**: Eight hundred serventeen.

**Adam**: Okay, that brings us to the end of our grammar section. Why don't we go ahead and listen to that dialogue a hundred times?

**Lisa**: All right, let's do that.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hi, can you check the price of this dress for me? `嗨，你能帮我看看这件裙子的价格吗？`

**B**: Sure... It's seventy-five, but it's on sale for fifty dollars. `好的...75美元，但现在促销，价格是 50 美元。`

**A**: Great. I'll take that and these two shirts. `太好了。我要这件裙子和这两件衬衫。`

**B**: Of course. The total comes to a hundred and thirty-five dollars. `当然可以。总共是 135美元。`

**A**: Great. Can I pay by credit card? `好的。我可以用信用卡付款吗?`

**B**: Yes. Here's the machine. Please sign here. `可以。这是刷卡机。请在这里签字。`

**A**: OK, can I get a receipt? `好的，可以给我收据吗？`

**B**: Sure thing. Here you go. Have a nice day! `当然。收据给您。祝您有个愉快的一天！`

------

**Lisa**: Okay, we are back. So paying at the store can often be a little bit difficult.

**Adam**: Yeah, not all of us have a hundred and thirty-five dollars we can spend`vt.花费` on dresses and shirts.

**Lisa**: Yeah, and there's a lot of different ways to talk about money, right? The total is, the total comes to. Really it's the same thing.

**Adam**: It's the same thing. Now when we are shopping, of course, we want to buy things that are on sale, which means that our total will be a little bit smaller.

**Lisa**: Yes, but it's best the check the price because you're not sure if that sale numbers is right.

**Adam**: That's right. Okay, guys, well, we want to know about you. How do you pay at the store? Do you use a credit card?

**Lisa**: Yeah, and did you buy anything on sale? Let us know in a comment and we will look forward to reading those.

**Adam**: Okay, guys, as always, thank you for listening and we'll see you next time.

**Lisa**: Yep. See you then.