---
layout:     post
title:      "My brothers"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2021-01-21 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 日常沟通




---



# My brothers

> 怎样描述你的兄弟姐妹？如何询问对方的家人情况？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 5 个词汇**

| 词汇   | 音标     | 翻译       |
| ------ | -------- | ---------- |
| middle | /ˈmɪdəl/ | n.中间     |
| lucky  | /ˈlʌki/  | adj.幸运的 |
| close  | /kloʊz/  | adj.接近的 |
| tall   | /tɑːl/   | adj.高的   |
| both   | /boʊθ/   | det.两个都 |
| once   | /wʌns/   | adv.一次   |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身

**Adam**: Hey, guys! Welcome back to OpenLanguage. This is Adam.

**Johnny**: And this is Johnny.

**Adam**: Today, we have an A2 lesson called "My Brothers."

**Johnny**: We're going to listen to a dialogue between Will and Chris about Chris's brothers.

**Adam**: That's right, so we are going to ask questions about Chris's brothers, and listen to how Chris talks about them.

**Johnny**: If you don't have a brother, don't worry. We can use today's vocabulary`n.词汇` to ask questions about anyone.

**Adam**: Alright, let's listen to today's dialogue.



### 核心对话

**A**: Hey Chris, how many brothers do you have? `嗨，Chris, 你有几个兄弟？`

**B**: Two. I have one big brother and one little brother. I'm in the middle. `两个。我有一个哥哥和一个弟弟。我是中间的老二。`

**A**: Wow, you're so lucky! How old are they? `哇哦，你真幸运！他们多大了？`

**B**: One's 34, and the other one's 30. `一个 34 岁，另一个 30 岁。`

**A**: Oh, so you're quite close in age. How tall are they? `哦，你们的年龄很接近。他们有多高？`

**B**: They're both 183 cm, like me. `他们两个都 183 cm, 和我差不多。`

**A**: Do you see them very often? `你们经常见面吗？`

**B**: Yeah, I see them once a week. We usually have dinner on Sundays. `是的，我每周都见他们一次。我们经常周日一起吃晚饭。`



## 03.对话精讲

**Adam**: Today's dialogue starts with Will asking Chris a question. He says:

**Johnny**: "Hey Chris, how many brothers do you have."

**Adam**: "How many," so we ask lots of questions using this word "how."

**Johnny**: There are many questions in today's dialogue using "how" with an adjective.

**Adam**: And this is our grammar point for today, but we're going to talk more about that later.

**Johnny**: And next Chris says, "Two. I have one big brother and one little brother. I'm in the middle."

**Adam**: Right, so we see "big brother" and we see "little brother."

**Johnny**: And we can also say big sister and little sister.

> middle `n.中间`

**Adam**: But here we can see that Chris is not the big brother and he's not the little brother. He is in the middle.

**Johnny**: "In the middle." If something's in the middle, it's between two things. There's a big brother, there's a little brother, and there's a brother in the middle.

**Adam**: That's right. And in this room, I'm on the left, Jonny is on the right, and in the middle is a computer.

**Johnny**: Exactly. So "middle" can be used to talk about things like your age and also where things are in the room.

> lucky `adj.幸运的`

**Adam**: Yep. And some people think that if you have a big brother and a little brother, then you are very lucky.

**Johnny**: Right, and that's what Will says in the dialogue, "Wow, you're so lucky! How old are they?"

**Adam**: If you are lucky that means something good happens or has happened to you.

**Johnny**: It means you have a lot of good things in your life.

**Adam**: So, for example, I found ten dollars on the ground yesterday, and I said to myself "wow I am so lucky."

**Johnny**: That is lucky. Just remember that "lucky" is an adjective. There's another word "luck." That's a noun. You can't say "I'm so luck" or "you're so luck."

**Adam**: Right. If you want to use "luck," then you can say "I have good luck" or "she has bad luck."

**Johnny**: But it's more common to say: he is lucky.

**Adam**: That's right. Next, Will asks "how old are they?"

> close `adj.接近的`

**Johnny**: "How old are they?" Will is asking another question using the word "how." Let's take a closer look at the question. If I asked the question "how old are they?" What does it mean?

**Adam**: It means you want to know their age, a person's age.

**Johnny**: That's right. When you answer this question, you usually say something like I am 32.

**Adam**: Right, or he is 34; she is 30.

**Johnny**: 34 and 30. Those are the ages of Chris's brothers.

**Adam**: Oh, yeah. That's right. And then Will says "Oh, so you're quite close in age."

**Johnny**: "Close in age." Let's talk about this word "close." If something is close, it's not far.

**Adam**: Right, again, it could be something in this room, like the chair is close to the door.

**Johnny**: Or it could be something in the city, like the park is close to the school, But here we're talking about close in age.

**Adam**: Right, we know that the big brother is 34 and we know that the little brother is 30 and we also know Chris is somewhere in the middle, so he's maybe 32?

**Johnny**: It's going to be pretty close.

**Adam**: Right, so remember just like the word "middle," we can use "close" to talk about age and where things are.

**Johnny**: In our dialogue, the next question Will asks is....

> tall `adj.高的`

**Adam**: "How tall are they?"

**Johnny**: This is another really good question. When you ask how tall they are, you want to know their height.

**Adam**: Yes, and when we talk about height, we usually use "centimeters.`n.[计量]厘米`"

**Johnny**: Yes, centimeters, 170 centimeters, 180 centimeters.

**Adam**: But we don't actually see the word "centimeters" in our dialogue.

**Johnny**: Right, we only see "cm."

**Adam**: Right. Now the word "centimeter" is really long, sometimes we're a little lazy, so we just write "cm."

**Johnny**: But when you see "cm" you can say the word centimeter or centimeters.

**Adam**: Right, how tall are Chris’s brothers?

> both `det.两个都`

**Johnny**: Well, in today's dialogue, Chris says "They're both 183 cm, like me."

**Adam**: Both are 183 centimeters. Wow, pretty tall! Let's take a look at that word "both."

**Johnny**: Well, we use "both" when we want to talk about two people or two things that are together.

**Adam**: If two people are 30, they could say "we're both 30."

**Johnny**: Right, and Adam and I can say, "we're both guys."

**Adam**: We're both guys. Or I can ask Johnny, "Do you want pizza or pasta`n.意大利面` for dinner?"

**Johnny**: Woo, can we have both?

**Adam**: Woo, you can have whatever you want.

**Johnny**: Sounds good. You can also use an adjective after "both." Adam and I are both happy.

**Adam**: Johhy and I are both awesome.

**Johnny**: We are. Now, Will asks "Do you see them very often?"

> once `adv.一次`

**Adam**: Chris says, "Yeah, I see them once a week. We usually have dinner on Sundays."

**Johnny**: Once a week that means one time.

**Adam**: But we don't really say one time a week.

**Johnny**: It sounds a little strange. We say once a week.

**Adam**: And we can also use this word "once" with other things like once a month or once a year.

**Johnny**: I can say I call my parents once a week.

**Adam**: And I can say I call my parents once a year.

**Johnny**: That's not very often.

**Adam**: It's okay. They call me once a week.

**Johnny**: Ah okay. If we want to talk about something two times, we can use the word "twice."

**Adam**: Yep. Like I can say I go to the gym twice a week.

**Johnny**: That's right. Chris sees his brothers once a week on Sundays. What does he usually do with his brothers on Sundays?

**Adam**: Well, Chris says they usually have dinner.

**Johnny**: Dinner. That sounds nice.

**Adam**: You are always thinking about food.

**Johnny**: I'm always hungry. So that's the end of our dialogue. Let's take a look at our grammar point.

**Adam**: Okay. Well, today we heard lots of very useful questions like "how old are they?"

**Johnny**: Or "how tall are they?"

**Adam**: These kinds of questions we can always use to ask about other people.

**Johnny**: Will was using these questions to ask about two people. And he said "How tall are they?" But we can use it to talk about one person: How old is he?

**Adam**: Right, or "how beautiful is she?"

**Johnny**: Yeah or "how old is Adam?"

**Adam**: "How rich is Johhny?"

**Johnny**: Or even just "how tall are you?"

**Adam**: Now, what if I ask you "how big is your house?"

**Johnny**: Ah, yes, yes. We can use this to talk about things, so if Adam asks how big is your house, I can say it's very big.

**Adam**: That's right. So we can use this pattern to ask about people and things.

**Johnny**: Don't forget guys. Questions are really important.

**Adam**: They are the most important.

**Johnny**: That is our grammar point today. And we still have more examples. So please take a look in the grammar section later.

**Adam**: Okay let's take one more listen to our dialogue.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Hey Chris, how many brothers do you have? `嗨，Chris, 你有几个兄弟？`

**B**: Two. I have one big brother and one little brother. I'm in the middle. `两个。我有一个哥哥和一个弟弟。我是中间的老二。`

**A**: Wow, you're so lucky! How old are they? `哇哦，你真幸运！他们多大了？`

**B**: One's 34, and the other one's 30. `一个 34 岁，另一个 30 岁。`

**A**: Oh, so you're quite close in age. How tall are they? `哦，你们的年龄很接近。他们有多高？`

**B**: They're both 183 cm, like me. `他们两个都 183 cm, 和我差不多。`

**A**: Do you see them very often? `你们经常见面吗？`

**B**: Yeah, I see them once a week. We usually have dinner on Sundays. `是的，我每周都见他们一次。我们经常周日一起吃晚饭。`

------

**Adam**: And we are back. Today we learned how to ask questions about different people.

**Johnny**: Questions like "how tall are they," "how old are they?"

**Adam**: And remember you can use any adjective you want. How smart are they? How rich are they?

**Johnny**: That's right. But of course today we are talking about brothers.

**Adam**: So we want to know do you guys hava any brothers? How old are they? How tall are they? How handsome`adj.英俊的；` are they？

**Johnny**: Right, or maybe you guys have sisters you want to talk about instead.

**Adam**: That's right. One more time you can use these questions to talk about anybody. Okay guys, well that is the end of our lesson for today. Please let us know if you have a question or comment. We always love to read them.

**Johnny**: That's right. Thanks for listening guys and we'll talk to you again soon.

**Adam**: Alright, bye for now.



## 05.课后讲义

### Expansion/例句

#### close

1. My house is close to the restaurant. `我家离这个餐馆很近。`
2. My parents live close to me. `我父母和我住得很近。`
3. They are close in height. `他们差不多高。`



#### both

1. They are both Chinese. `他们都是中国人。`
2. We both like to eat pizza. `我们俩都喜欢吃比萨饼。`
3. I want both of them. `这两个我都想要。`



#### once

1. I play basketball once a week. `我每周打一次篮球。`
2. I see him once a month. `我每月见他一次。`
3. I go to the doctor once a year. `我每年看一次医生。`



### Grammar/语法

#### 使用 how 来询问时间、大小、尺寸等

在英文里，how 是个常见的疑问词。用 how 开头的疑问句大家并不陌生，比如 how are you?(你好吗？)和 how old are you?(你多大了？)

这节课要学习的使用 how 来询问数量、大小、时间等问题。

How 本身是”如何“，”怎么“的意思，它和不同的形容词搭配，可以询问不同的问题，常见的比如：

How old `有多大（询问年龄）`

How tall `有多高（询问身高）`

How big `有多大（询问尺寸）`

How long `有多久/多长（询问时间或长度）`



How 开头的疑问句，通常情况下结构为：

How + 形容词 + be + something/someone

注意：be 动词要和后面的 something/someone 保持一致。

例如：

How long is this movie? `这个电影多长时间？`

How big is your aparement? `你的公寓有多大？`



1. How old is your mom? `你妈妈多大了？`
2. How tall is the mountain? `这座山有多高？`
3. How long is the movie? `这部影片有多长？`