---
layout:     post
title:      "Wash your hands first!"
subtitle:   "作者：于磊 来自：开言英语"
date:       2021-01-27 00:00:00
author:     "于磊"
header-img: "img/silicon_valley_products/06_bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 开言英语
    - A2
    - 家居生活




---



# Wash your hands first!

> 特殊时期勤洗手非常重要！你知道洗手要注意什么吗？



## 01.词汇练习

**共 7 个词汇**

| 词汇        | 音标        | 翻译           |
| ----------- | ----------- | -------------- |
| pick you up | /pɪk jʊ ʌp/ | phr.把你抱起来 |
| wash        | /wɑ:ʃ/      | v.洗           |
| soap        | /soʊp/      | n.肥皂         |
| dry         | /draɪ/      | v.（使）变干   |
| towel       | /ˈtaʊəl/    | n.毛巾         |
| hold        | /hoʊld/     | v.抱，抓，握   |
| dirty       | /dɝːt̬i/     | adj.脏的       |



## 02.课程精讲

### 课程热身

**Adam**: Hey, guys. Welcome back to Openlanguage. This is Adam.

**Lisa**: And this is Lisa. And you're listening to an A2 lesson. This one is called "Wash your hands first!"

**Adam**: Oh, yeah. So, in 2020, a lot of people have learned that it's a really good idea to wash your hands.

**Lisa**: Yeah, that's right. Because it's good for your health.

**Adam**: Or maybe not your health, but maybe your baby's health.

**Lisa**: Yes, and that's what we're talking about today. In our lesson, we have a daddy`n.爸爸`, a mommy, and a baby. And mommy wants daddy to wash his hands before touching the baby.

**Adam**: Okay, so let's go ahead and listen to today's dialogue.

**Lisa**: All right, let's do that.



### 核心对话

**A**: Come here my little baby! Daddy wants to pick you up. `来吧我的小宝贝！爸爸要抱抱你。`

**B**: You were just outside. Wash your hands first! `你刚才去外面了。先去洗手！`

**A**: I washed them after I came inside! `我进来之后洗手了。`

**B**: Did you use soap? Did you wash them for 20 seconds? `你用肥皂了吗？你洗够 20 秒了吗？`

**A**: Well, yeah... `洗了啊...`

**B**: Don't lie to me! Just wash them again. And dry them with a towel, not with your pants! `别说谎！再去洗一遍。用毛巾把手擦干，别用你的裤子擦！`

**A**: Okay, daddy is ready to hold the baby! Can mommy take a photo of us? `好的，爸爸准备好抱宝宝啦！妈妈能给我们拍张照片吗？`

**B**: Ew, your phone is so dirty. Now I need to wash my hands! `呃，你的手机好脏啊。现在我得洗手了！`



## 03.对话精讲

**Lisa**: Okay, and we are back. So the daddy starts this dialogue and he says, "Come here, my little baby. Daddy wants to pick you up."

**Adam**: Okay, yes. So, daddies love to pick up their kids.

**Lisa**: Yeah, exactly. They are standing there and you want to pick them up to carry them.

> pick you up `phr.把你抱起来`

**Adam**: Um. Right. Now a lot of you understand "pick you up" in phrases like "pick you up at school" or "pick you up at the airport." So that is, later, when your little baby is a teenager`n.十几岁的青少年`, you can pick them up at school. When your little baby is an adult`adj.成年的` you can pick them up at the airport. But when your little baby is a little baby, you can pick them up with your hands.

**Lisa**: Exactly, exactly, but you can also pick up other things, too. For example, if you have a jacket on the floor, you need to pick up your jacket.

**Adam**: Right, or when you see money on the ground, you can pick up the money. There are lots of things that we can "pick up." Now here, daddy wants to pick up the baby, but mommy has a different idea.

**Lisa**: Yeah, she says, "You were just outside. Wash your hands first."

> wash `v.洗`

**Adam**: Okay. So "wash." This is a very very important word in today's dialogue. This means use water and clean something.

**Lisa**: Yes. Usually, when we are talking about our bodies`n.身体（body 的复数）`, we like to use "wash," "wash your hands," "wash your hair," "wash your face."

**Adam**: Right, "wash your stinky`adj.臭臭的` feet`n.脚`."

**Lisa**: Haha, that's right. That's right.

**Adam**: So, before we do things like eat our lunch, eat our dinner, or pick up our babies, we need to wash our hands first.

**Lisa**: Yes, that's right. So, noticed that "first" is at the end of the sentence here. We put "first" at the beginning of a sentence when we're writing. First, wash your hands. Second, do this. Third, do that.

**Adam**: Right, but when we're talking, we just say, "Do that first." "Do this first."

**Lisa**: Yes, exactly, exactly. Okay, but did daddy wash his hands first?

**Adam**: He says, "I washed them after I came inside." But mommy, well, she thinks that maybe he washed them wrong.

**Lisa**: Yeah, so she asks him, "Did you wash them for twenty seconds?"

**Adam**: Um. Okay, so I said before that when we wash things we use water, but water is not enough, we also need to use "soap."

> soap `n.肥皂`

**Lisa**: Yes, "soap" makes everything clean, so we use soap to wash our hands and to wash our clothes.

**Adam**: Sure, yeah. So water and soap. Those are both very important, but there is another thing that's important and that is time.

**Lisa**: Yes, exactly. Did you wash them for twenty seconds? But did daddy wash them for twenty seconds? Did he use soap?

**Adam**: He says yeah, but mommy doesn't really believe him.

**Lisa**: Yeah, she says, "Don't lie to me. Just wash them again and dry`vt.把..弄干` them with a towel`n.毛巾`, not your pants`n.裤子`. "

**Adam**: Oh, daddy, what are you doing? What are you doing? Okay, so he lied to her. So she says wash them again but this time, daddy, dry your hands with a towel.

> dry `v.（使）变干`

**Lisa**: Yes, not your pants. Let's look at "dry" here. When your hands are wet, you need to dry them. When your hair is wet, you need to dry your hair.

**Adam**: Right, so remember that "dry" is a verb, but "dry" is also an adjective.

**Lisa**: Yeah, like in the winter your skin can be very dry.

**Adam**: That's right. And, of course, after you use a towel, your hands wiil be dry.

> towel `n.毛巾`

**Lisa**: So "towels" are in the bathroom and we use them to dry our hair, our bodies and our hands.

**Adam**: Right, so after I have a shower, or after I have a bath, I use a towel.

**Lisa**: Yes, now, let's look at the pronunciation here. It's towel /taʊəl/. Okay, but here mommy wants daddy to use a towel, not his pants, so kids often just use their pants to dry their hands.

> hold `v.抱，抓，握`

**Adam**: Yeah, we do, okay? So what? They are dry, what do you want? Okay, so daddy does what mommy says, he washes his hands again, he dries them with a towel, he uses soap. So, Daddy says he is ready to hold the baby. So, at the beginning, daddy said "daddy wants to pick you up" and now he says "daddy is ready to hold the baby." So really, "pick up" and "hold," we're using our arms for both actions, but they're a little bit different.

**Lisa**: Yeah, and one happens first. First, you pick the baby up, then you hold the baby. And usually, you're holding the baby for a long time with your phone. Your phone is on the table, you pick it up, and you hold it in your hand. But here daddy wants to pick the baby up and hold the baby. He wants to hold the baby, so he can take a photo with the baby.

**Adam**: Right, right, so he asks mommy, "Can mommy take a photo of us?"

**Lisa**: Yes, and mommy picks up the phone and she says, "Ew, your phone is so dirty. Now I need to wash my hands."

> dirty `adj.脏的`

**Adam**: Oh, okay. So we have talked about "washing." We've talked about soap. we've talked about towels and now we're talking about being dirty.

**Lisa**: Yeah, so "dirty" means not clean. Daddy was outside. Maybe he was playing with the kids, so his hands were dirty and because of that, his phone was dirty, too.

**Adam**: Right. People always forget that their phones are really really "dirty".

**Lisa**: Yeah, exactly. Because we're always touching them, right? We touch the food, we touch our phone. We touch a door, we touch our phone.

**Adam**: We touch the baby, we touch our phone.

**Lisa**: Yeah, it's dirty and because mom touched daddy's phone, now her hands are dirty. So she needs to wash her hands.

**Adam**: Uhh, okay, I wonder`v.想知道` how much money this family spends on soap.

**Lisa**: Hahaha, probably a lot. Okay, but now that we've talked about the dialogue, I think it's time for our grammar.

**Adam**: Okay, so today's grammar is: "Did you use soap?" "Did you wash them for twenty seconds?" We are talking about asking yes or no questions about the past.

**Lisa**: Yeah, exactly. Because when we ask yes or no questions about the present, we used "do." "Do you like this?" "Do you hate this?"

**Adam**: Right, so in both of those sentences, we said "do you like?" So we're not saying "do you to like?" Or "do you likes?" It's "Do you like? Do you hate?"

**Lisa**: Yes, and when you talk about this in the past, "do" becomes "did". "Did you like?" "Did you hate?"

**Adam**: Right, so that's a good point. "Do" changes into "did," but the other verb does not chane. "Did you use?" "Did you wash?"

**Lisa**: Yeah, exactly. Let's give them some more examples of using "did" in past tense questions.

**Adam**: Okay, "Did you go to the supermarket yesterday?"

**Lisa**: "Did you watch the video yesterday?"

**Adam**: "Did they ask you any other questions?"

**Lisa**: Yeah, exactly. So, after you listen to the lesson, I wants you guys to go to the comments, and ask your own "did" question to the other users at Openlanguage.

**Adam**: Or us. Don't forget us.

**Lisa**: Hahaha, yeah, that's true, that's true. Okay, but that is the end of our grammar section. So please ahead and hava a look at those examples.

**Adam**: Okay, guys, so that is the end of our dialogue, too. Let's go ahead and listen to that dialogue one more time.

**Lisa**: All right, let's do that.



## 04.课程回顾

**A**: Come here my little baby! Daddy wants to pick you up. `来吧我的小宝贝！爸爸要抱抱你。`

**B**: You were just outside. Wash your hands first! `你刚才去外面了。先去洗手！`

**A**: I washed them after I came inside! `我进来之后洗手了。`

**B**: Did you use soap? Did you wash them for 20 seconds? `你用肥皂了吗？你洗够 20 秒了吗？`

**A**: Well, yeah... `洗了啊...`

**B**: Don't lie to me! Just wash them again. And dry them with a towel, not with your pants! `别说谎！再去洗一遍。用毛巾把手擦干，别用你的裤子擦！`

**A**: Okay, daddy is ready to hold the baby! Can mommy take a photo of us? `好的，爸爸准备好抱宝宝啦！妈妈能给我们拍张照片吗？`

**B**: Ew, your phone is so dirty. Now I need to wash my hands! `呃，你的手机好脏啊。现在我得洗手了！`

------

**Adam**: Okay, we are back. So Lisa, today we learned a lot about washing our hands, drying our hands.

**Lisa**: Using towels and not your pants.

**Adam**: Packing up babies, holding babies.

**Lisa**: Yesh, that's right, that's right. What about you guys? Do you wash your hands a lot? Do you feel like your hands are relly dry because you wash them so much?

**Adam**: When you dry your hands, do you use a towel? Do you use your pants?

**Lisa**: Yeah, or do you use the baby?

**Adam**: Hahaha, okay, we want to know what you use as well as any other comment or question you have. As always, thanks for listening, guys.

**Lisa**: Yeah, thanks for listening, guys. We'll talk to you again next time.



## 05.课后讲义

### Expansion/例句

#### hold

1. Can you hold my bag for a second? I need to find my keys. `你能帮我拿下包吗？我得找找钥匙。`
2. My husband is really good at holding the baby. `我的丈夫很会抱宝宝。`
3. What are you holding in your hand? Show it to me! `你手里拿的是什么？给我看看！`



#### dirty

1. How can you cook food in a dirty kitchen? `你怎么能在很脏的厨房里做饭？`
2. Why are your hands always so dirty? `为什么你的手总是这么脏？`
3. Please put your dirty clothes in the washing machine. `请把你的脏衣服放进洗衣机。`



#### pick you up

1. Your room is so messy. Please pick up your clothes! `你的房间太乱了。请把你的衣服捡起来。`
2. Don't pick up your food with your hands! `别直接用手拿吃的！`
3. He's too heavy! I can't pick him up. `他太沉了！我没法把他抱起来。`



### Grammar/语法

#### 对过去的动作提出一般疑问句

在英语中，我们通常把可以用 Yes/No(是/否)回答的疑问句叫做一般疑问句。对现在的动作提出一般疑问句是我们比较熟悉的，比如:"Do you want an apple?(你想要个苹果吗？)"，或者“Does she like music?(她喜欢音乐吗？)”。



但如果我们想要对过去发生的某个动作提出用 Yes/No(是/否)回答的问题，我们就需要用一般过去时提问了。比如在今天的对话中，孩子妈妈问孩子爸爸：Did you use soap?(你用肥皂了吗？)Did you wash them for 20 seconds?(你洗够 20 秒了吗？)



这两个问题是孩子妈妈对孩子爸爸刚才洗手的动作细节进行追问，让他对是否使用了肥皂、是否洗够了 20 秒进行回答，因此都使用了一般过去时提问。



使用时的结构为：

Did + 主语 + 动词原形....?



注意，在对过去发生的动作提出一般疑问句时，句首的 Did 不会随句子主语变化，也就是说，无论句子主语是 I, you, we, they 还是 he, she, it, 句首均为 Did, 主语后的动词也均为原形。

1. Did you go to the supermarket yesterday? `你昨天去超市了吗？`
2. Did she watch the video? `她看那个视频了吗？`
3. Did they ask you any other questions? `他们问你什么别的问题了吗？`

