---
layout:     post
title:      "M001: MongoDB Basics"
subtitle:   "Introduction to MongoDB, Compass, and Basic Queries. Create, Read, Update, and Delete (CRUD) operations; cursors, projections, Atlas free-tier basics. Query operators: element operators, logical operators, array operators, and the regex operator. Any topic in this course might be addressed in the final exam."
date:       2018-10-16 10:57:02
author:     "äºç£Š"
header-img: "img/mongoDB/Java_Developers/bg.png"
catalog: true
tags:
    - MongoDB
    - Java

---



### 01-Introduction

> Introduction to MongoDB, Compass, and Basic Queries

#### Welcome!

Problem:

What resources are available to help you complete this course?

Check all answers that apply:

- An in-class discussion forum where you can ask questions and help your fellow learners

- Teaching assistants to field questions and provide guidance on the course

- Mobile apps for iOS and Android to support download of videos for offline viewing



#### Grading and Logistics

Problem:

Which of the following count toward your final grade?

- Labs (also called homework)

- Final exam



#### Are you Behind a Firewall?

1. Connect to the host and port of the Atlas cluster with:

```
telnet cluster0-shard-00-00-jxeqq.mongodb.net 27017
```

1. Simpler test to see if you can reach Atlas

```
ping cluster0-shard-00-00-jxeqq.mongodb.net
```



#### Connecting to MongoDB Using Compass

1. Please download Compass from the [MongoDB Download Center](https://www.mongodb.com/download-center/v2/compass) . If you downloaded Compass before today, please make sure you are using **Compass 1.15.4 (Stable)** version or later and upgrade if necessary.

2. Install Compass on your computer from the download. Please, either update or install **Compass 1.15.4 (Stable)**version or later.

3. Launch Compass.

4. Use the following information to complete this form, but do not click "Connect" yet.

   **Hostname:** `cluster0-shard-00-00-jxeqq.mongodb.net`

   **Username:** `m001-student`

   **Password:** `m001-mongodb-basics`

   **Replica Set Name:** `Cluster0-shard-0`

   **Read Preference:** `Primary Preferred`

5. Click "Add to Favorites" and enter `M001 RS` as the **Favorite Name**. Adding this connection as a favorite will enable you to easily connect to our class MongoDB deployment after closing and restarting Compass at some point in the future.

6. Now, click "Connect" and load the databases in the M001 class MongoDB deployment.



#### Databases, Collections, and Documents

Problem:

Which of the following statements are true? Check all that apply.

- Documents are stored in collections.

- A database may contain one or more collections.

- Each database and collection combination define a namespace.

- We won't talk about indexes too much in the course, but you can learn about indexes in M201: MongoDB Performance.



#### Lab 1.1: Install Compass and Connect

**Question** Which of the following field names appear in documents in the movies collection of the video database. Check all that apply.

- _id

- cast

- director

- genre

- plot



#### Documents: Scalar Value Types

Problem:

Based on the field depicted below, which of the following are true?

- Not all documents in this collection have the same value type for this field.

- Most of the documents in this collection contain int32 values for this field.



#### Lab 1.2: Determine the Value Type, Part 1

Problem:

What is the value type of the `ts` field for documents in the `100YWeatherSmall.data` collection?

- date



#### Lab 1.3: Determine the Value Type, Part 2

Problem:

What is the value type of the `airTemperature` field for documents in the `100YWeatherSmall.data`collection?

- document



#### Lab 1.4: Determine the Value Type, Part 3

Problem:

What is the value type of the `year` field for documents in the `video.movies` collection?

- document



#### MongoDB Documents: Geospatial Data

Lecture Notes

**Enable Geographical Visualizations**

MongoDB Compass uses a 3rd party plugin for the geographical visualization of geospatial fields in your documents.

If you are not able to see a map box in your *Schema* tab, when analyzing the `coordinates` field of `ships.shipwrecks`, you should check the option to enable geographical visualization.

To do that you will have to click on the menu:

```
Help -> Privacy Settings
```

and then enable this feature.



Problem:

Which of the following are types of data Compass (and MongoDB) recognizes and specifically supports?

- documents

- arrays

- geospatial data



#### Filtering Collections with Queries

Problem:

Which of statements below best describes the following filter?

```
{"age": {"$gte": 21, "$lt": 70}}
```

- Find all documents for which the `age` field has a value that is >= 21 and < 70.



#### Lab 1.5: Scavenger Hunt, Part 1

Problem:

How many movies in the video collection were directed by Patty Jenkins. Stated more precisely, how many documents in the video.movies collection have a value of "Patty Jenkins" for the director field?

- 6



#### Lab 1.6: Scavenger Hunt, Part 2

Problem:

How many documents in the `citibike.trips` collection have a tripduration that is greater than or equal to 60 and less than 65?

- 754



#### Lab 1.7: Scavenger Hunt, Part 3

Problem:

Based on our shipwrecks dataset, how many shipwrecks lay off the coast of Cancun / Isla Mujeres, Mexico? Choose the answer that best describes the number of shipwrecks you are able to find using Compass.

- 0-10



#### Understanding JSON

Lecture Notes

Please review the [JSON spec](http://www.json.org/) for more detail on the data types directly supported in JSON.

Problem:

Which of the following data types are directly supported by JSON per the JSON spec?

- String

- Array

- Object

- Boolean values (true and false)

- Floating-point number

- Null

- Decimal number